Speaker 1  00:00
Model, some of our development future focus on that, and then we're going to spend just a bit on looking forward and where we think we can make the most impact. So this is our working group. Again. We some of the groups were smaller. Somehow ours grew to nine people, but a lot of talent on our group. And you know, I remember I was talking about probably about a month or two ago, and one of the things he said to me was, you know, hey, we've got all these great people. He mentioned the term immigrant earlier today, but we've got all these great people that we're pulling from other companies. Why don't we leverage some of their knowledge and what they know about people development, and so that's how our group kind of grew, was we realized that we've got some great subject matter experts that are joining from our best in class peers, that are able to tell us about some of the things that they're doing and opportunities that we have. First thing we're going to focus on, we'll spend a little bit of time here figuring out where we are currently. So within operations specifically, we've got a couple of unique situations, dynamics that are converging, that are creating some challenges. Over on the right hand side, you can see a graph there, and that represents about 1000 of our folks that we consider to be in operations, super low tenured workforce. If you just glance at that pie chart, you can see that just over 50% of the people that we have currently working in operations have been here less than two years. Super green workforce. If you average out those roughly 1000 people that you have, we're looking at an average Clayco tenure of just over three years. So that's a really challenging thing. Just to kick off that dynamic. The other thing that we're looking at is that massive growth that we mentioned earlier. Right? The projects that we're working on, they're bigger. We're growing 30% year over year. So what's really happening there is our managers and our leaders are not being upskilled as fast as we need them to be. That's a challenge. We've got different types of jobs. The jobs are growing in operational complexity. And so while someone might have been a good leader on a specific project that they were working on a couple of years ago, the projects have vastly changed, and that's tough. And then the last thing is, we historically have limited, structured leadership development and training initiatives that are relative to our best in class peers. Fair enough, we haven't really put the time and effort into developing something, and that's one of the things that we're going to recommend as a group in a few minutes. So just looking at this, the key takeaways are, the gap that we identified is that we really need to figure out a system to not only just do one off development for managers and leaders, but we've got to create something that helps us grow them quicker so that they can meet the changing and growing demands of the business.

Unknown Speaker  03:06
So as a group, we

Speaker 1  03:07
did a lot of work, and from Aspen, we took some guidance, and we came up with a couple of key areas that we felt like we should spend some time and invest in creating some opportunities. So first and foremost, and these are not necessarily in sequential order. These are just places that we could spend some time. What we really need to do, and you heard about this earlier today, was increase the talent health of the organization, build those better managers faster. That's going to lead to increased or improved outcomes. Looking at, how do we create a more structured leadership funnel? So looking at the bench that we currently have now from a talent pool, and looking at, what do we need to sustain our growth in the future? Who do we have? Who do we need? What are those gaps? Historically, we really haven't had a systematic approach to necessarily assessing the talent, figuring out what are the skill sets that they need in order to grant to drive us into the future. Another key opportunity that you'll hear in any business, in any industry right now is succession planning, just based on timing and generations leaving the workforce. And so we would recommend, as a group that we need to take a look at that piece as well, also creating structured talent and leadership development programs. You'll hear about some things that we have going on now. We're not starting from zero, but we've definitely got some opportunity. And then the fifth and final piece that we said we could probably do a better job at when we invest some resources in it, is coaching, whether or not that's peer to peer coaching or a more formal mentorship program. So we took a look at what some of our best in class peers were doing, and fortunately, we've got a couple of our team members who joined us from other areas, so we're going to talk about that now. I'll toss it over to Jason.

Speaker 2  04:58
Morning. Everyone. Jason MOS half months. So definitely need to one approach. I spent 21 years with McCarthy, and I think they did a really good job of identifying their growth and understanding like one of the very beginnings is the right people. One of the most important parts of a company is your people, and so you want to invest in them. And so the thing that I really liked about this visual is it starts with from those individual employees that are leading themselves, and it goes all the way to the top of the pyramid, those executives that are business unit leaders, market leaders, whatever it may be. And it takes a holistic approach. And so one of the greatest things about this is an individual can look at this and say, I see where I have a path, and so the company is investing in me. It's going to help with retention, and it's going to also help engagement, because there's a war for talent, right? And if our people can see that we're investing in them, and they have a road map from Hey, I just started, and I have a path that I can continue to develop myself. You also you flip this upside down and becomes a funnel. And so the way we look at it all the time, especially with we have the need for the company that we just mentioned, that it's growing rapidly. You have to develop people faster than traditional so you have to come up with solutions to do that. And when you do that, you're going to find your high potential people. You're going to accelerate them quicker through this funnel, it may move faster because you're intentional with it. So that's going to allow you to build a bench. We need bench players, additional people for backup, and it's also going to provide the opportunity for succession planning. And then the last thing that understanding that Clayco is going to continue to hire people from within the industry. And when you hire someone at an advanced level, I think we're all aware that if they don't have the character traits and leadership and culture that we have, and we just if we hope they do and we get it wrong, they cast a huge shadow on everyone below them, and if they don't get it right, you may be able to move on from that person. But how many people did they impact along the way that left because we weren't purposeful and making sure that that executive that came into the company understood what leadership means at Clayco, what our culture means here as well. And if we assume that and don't be purposeful about it, there's a lot of impact with that as well.

Speaker 1  07:23
Thanks, Jason. Another model that we were able to take a look at was from the folks at Hewitt and we actually had a meeting a few months, actually, late last year, I think, with the team from Hewitt University, and their model is pretty simple. They really focus on giving people technical training, learning and development, then they move over to manager and leadership training. This is important because we're at a pivotal spot here within Clayco, where we've got a lot of the technical training already happening. What we're missing is those pieces more on the right hand side, where we look at moving into manager or leadership training. I mentioned, we're not starting from zero. We have a lot going on, and some of this may be an education piece, because it don't feel like it's formalized often in terms of knowing everything that we have going on. There's a lot of text. It gets really small. We have a full two page listing of operations training initiatives that happen on a regular basis. So when someone joins the enterprise or gets into a new role as they go throughout their time here, they've got plenty of opportunities to receive formal training, whether or not it's attending a summit where they go through a specific series of topics for a few days. They go to a case study event, which we run throughout the year. Maybe it's a speech works training. They come to our Training Tuesdays. They're involved in one of the PE peer groups. So we have a lot of really great stuff happening. It's just not as formalized and as systematic as some of our peers are doing. You'll recognize our pyramid model here, which largely focuses, again, on the technical side. So probably about a year, year and a half ago, we started to outline what does it look like from a progression standpoint. Some of these things are happening. Some are in development. Anything in green side, not happening, or in the queue. So we've got a nice progression of when someone starts here, or they're in an operations role, like PE senior, pe assistant superintendent, they're going to come to our operation summit 1.0 and then we know we've got the team leader summit that's going to grab those folks in those different roles. So we've got some progressions. We're just missing some key pieces, and again, largely technical components that we're impressed on this group. So the really big gap is that more systematic, formal approach to manager or leadership training. So we think about, where do we think as a group that we could make an impact and some potential next steps? The first one is really we've got to figure out, how do we align talent development with the business goals? So taking our few critical business goals and figuring out, okay, what are the talent goals that need to match up with that in order to drive us forward or give us gains in that area? Those need some clarity. We need to spend some time. Is succession planning going to be our goal? Is it going to be to develop a better bench of this level of leader, whatever it is, we need to really work to understand what that is. Step two, figuring out our resources and investment. This will be a heavy lift, depending on what our specific goal is. It's going to take time, it's going to take people, it's going to take money in order to figure this out. I know specifically with McCarthy, they started off engaging an external partner for the first couple of years, and then that kind of started to fall off, and they brought it internally for we're at a point where we need to determine what those are. And then lastly, we really just have to make it happen and have everyone bought into the idea that this is something that is a part of our culture, that we develop and grow managers and leaders, and we do it quickly. So in closing, we'll just leave you with what we're really focused on is, how do we grow and develop managers and leaders quicker to meet the changing demands of the business? It's going to impact everything that we do, retention, project, success, safety, quality, all of those things are going to be impacted when we're able to grow and develop leaders.

Speaker 3  11:57
The plan for today is going to be, after each section, we'll have like, 30 minutes of question the answer. So I'd ask everybody to please Jon down anything that you might have for this group, and then we'll bring it back up at the end for all four groups. So that's the thought today. Next group we have coming up with compensation strategy and alignment.

Speaker 4  12:19
So we're tasked with coming up with a better way to align corporate objectives with what each individual employee is doing. So this came in two parts. One is educating the employees on what they actually make a lot of people look at salary and bonus. There's a lot of other components. And the second piece is revamping our review process help give our leadership team better information they need to really decide, especially when it comes to bonus compensation. So I'll let Joel kick us off, kind of with who's in our group and what

Speaker 5  12:59
our Introduce yourself. I'm keeping just gonna

Unknown Speaker  13:10
suggest I'm Joel

Unknown Speaker  13:15
Meyr Zac house, like Danny was saying, really, we took,

Speaker 6  13:22
we took this and broke it into two different phases, and the first one being part one with compensation communications. We think it's extremely important for our employees to know how much money they're making, what compensation Clayco gives them, from insurance perspective, hard cost, soft costs, and then kind of be able to put that in front of them. So that way, as you know, people are trying to recruit or poach, we can, we try to maintain them and do kind of a bid level analysis. Be surprised how many of our employees don't do that or don't understand everything Clayco is putting into them. And then our second one is just taking the whole bonus structure process, trying to make it a little more formal, make sure we've got goals outline, and then really kind of given the employees the ability to understand how to increase their margins within their bonuses, so that way we can be more productive. They can make more money and hopefully drive better success.

Speaker 7  14:21
So more detail on the the first portion, so compensation communication. So we've talked a lot about how difficult it is to find people hire them, so once we get them here, want to keep them here, and an easy way that we can do that is just communicate their total compensation package. So more, you know, beyond just the salary, the number they see on the paycheck. So there's a lot more to it, a lot more value that the company burns. Second phase, being insurances, some of the other benefits that Clayco provides to us. And then a third phase, the culture benefits so, so first report will be like a PDF format that we would have in the employee portal. Second phase, we would move to a live dashboard. So just continuation showing just all total package, all the benefits.

Speaker 4  15:32
And now for the fun part, we're talking about revamping our whole review process. So I'm sure everybody's going to be real excited about that. But really, the three key points here, we got to cultivate a more high performance culture by making these reviews really mean something, you know, and that would be in the form of, hey, employee X, your bonus, your base bonus this year was 50 grand. However, because of your scores, what you've done over the last year. You know that's not going to be 60. I'm throwing random numbers, obviously, but, but that kind of subjective or objective mindset, another thing is to align it with our six operational pillars, as well as a couple other enterprise initiatives, as well as keeping the technical traits in aggregate for that, and really the overall point of this is day to day throughout the year, employees are thinking about these things, the six operational pillars, you know, the focus on technology, the focus on enterprise services, so that we can filter These objectives down throughout the organization. What that looks like? What we're proposing is basically switching to a five point system that would that score would apply to each of these 10 categories. So again, we talked about the six pillars. Then there would be a enterprise and aggregate trades. Which these will be selected right now we have use of technology and enterprise services. Those could be mixed up by the leadership team based on what Clayco is. Big focuses are every year. Then you have your Clayco trades and your technical trades and aggregates. So basically, each of those 10 categories, 10 categories, assign the employee a score. So the scoring system, you know, we obviously have the lower end, the unsatisfactory and the inconsistent and needs correction. If any employee receives a one or a two on any of those 10 categories, there needs to be some kind of performance improvement plan implemented to help bring them up to where they need to be. So the expectation would be threes and fours. Three kind of be in your baseline. That's a rock solid employee. They're doing what they're supposed to. You get into fours, that's someone who's clearly differentiating themselves from everybody else. And then five should be very rare. That's have an enterprise level impact that's really setting the standard. One thing we want to do is not add work. So the expectation here is there's not a ton of narrative for all 10 categories. It's really, you know, the lower end and especially the top end. You need some specific, actionable examples. And really what this does is, I mean, just to speak frankly, come bonus time, guys like Mike and Steve have a better report so and so, average 3.5 so you know, and it gives them a more objective way of assigning bonus as they go. So that will let Joel close us out with next steps,

Speaker 6  18:47
or Yeah, so kind of our next steps, the Phase One Justin's team is working on trying to get all the data and be able to get in a dashboard that people can get so that way they can pull up their you know what their full compensation packages. We're kind of close. Yeah, I

Speaker 8  19:04
think for phase one is really the things that would show up on your w2 and then we're going to layer in some, you know, if you're in a family plan, an individual medical plan, kind of not, what are your specific claims cost that Clayco is covered. We're not going to do that work. But on average, if you're in the family plan. You know, Clayco spends $8,000 to cover claims across our population, and these are all from our actuary to provide that data. So that's the level we're going to start with, and then slowly build it out and more. You know, value of lunches, value of all the per diems, all the other components that people get that we can deliver that once a year, generally, kind of right around bonus time frame, because that's when we're pulling all that annual

Speaker 6  19:45
data together. And so we're hoping that you know, that we can can evolve this program, and that by the next time we have bonuses, it's just full structures rolled out, people can see what their compensation and then as far as the bonus structure of the program, we do know that's a heavy lift, just because it is changing everything that we've done, from valuations, what we're saying or presenting to you guys, I think we should do a pilot program on that see how much effort it is, how much time it is for some of our larger jobs to be able to go through that process. One of the things Daniel, it's going to be a three people are going to be doing the rules. If you look at like a project level, it would be the operations executive, the regional safety manager, the field operations managers. It's important for the people who are on the jobs to be able to kind of evaluate their people, since they have the day to day interaction with them. So we would take that to a small group pilot sometime throughout this year, present it see how much time and effort it takes, and then look at trying to make those changes. If Steve and Mike and the business

Speaker 8  20:54
feels like, obviously everyone and other companies have seen this work well and didn't work well, we would like your feedback pilot, but this is the best thoughts of you know, five or six people as we work through this, but everyone else is in for what worked well, what didn't work well at your prior places. Would just help us kind of inform and define this

Speaker 3  21:18
pilot before you leave. Change of plans. So let's go. Let's just go and ask the questions on this group while we have them up here. We're on schedule. Any thoughts or ideas we want to ask this group while we're here for a volunteer.

Conor Tighe  21:36
So love the love the objectiveness of performance reviews. How are you going to dovetail career progression discussions into that review? Because those can be sort of different topics and really a different sort of audience.

Speaker 4  21:53
Yeah, I mean to me, I think that's a that's something we have establishes our career frameworks. I think there's another group actually that focuses on that. But what this helps us do is get is go from more subjective system to objective, right? So if you have a senior project engineer who's scoring in the four four point fives, then it really helps distill that list down for guys like Steve and Mike and operations leadership to know who's on the cusp, and also that employee is going to have, you know, very specific 10 things he needs to focus on, he or she needs to focus on, to take that next step. And I think it, it helps facilitate that. But to your point, you know, I think a career framework does need, doesn't need. I think what you'll

Conor Tighe  22:42
find is the high performers will want to have that discussion as much as about their objective.

Speaker 7  22:49
That's a great point. And just thinking on the fly, I think this is doing well to first presentation based on the review, figure out where in that pyramid people fall, and what step they're at and what training do they need to get to the next step, over the next year, two

Speaker 9  23:08
years, I'd like to see if somebody is rated a one or a two in any areas that it would require a narrative so that the manager is prompted To say what needs to be improved. So it's not like a blank just rated somebody a one or two and didn't comment on what they need to do specifically

Speaker 4  23:29
to improve meta plus a performance improvement plan. Yeah, that's definitely a requirement. Like I said, both the lower end and the higher end, there has to be very specific examples. And then another step on the lower end is a is a performance improvement plan focusing on the categories that the low scores occur.

Speaker 10  23:49
Would you ever consider a feedback loop like an employee survey? So to figure out how many of our team members think they have to understand that career path and that plan to make sure that we did. We know we think we communicate a good career plan, but maybe our team member didn't really, yeah, hear, listen, or we didn't do that. Kind of goes

Speaker 6  24:09
to the group that just presented, right? So like, like, you could merge these together, which is why, probably in the section is that that our group is the actual compensation of how we manage that, and then the growth of our employees be part of that, including the conversations that happen, what during the review process, to make sure that, you know, everyone's

Unknown Speaker  24:27
working in the same direction.

Unknown Speaker  24:28
Just to provide a

Anthony Johnson  24:30
little context of this too, I was just going to add so like when we were in Aspen talking about this topic, what really generated this? The important thing to focus on is not so much, you know, giving Mike or Steve the information they need to determine bonuses as it is, to give the information to the employees to understand what they need to do to maximize their bonuses. We want people's behaviors and incentives aligned with the objective and and so what they're presenting is really a way to kind of tie all that together with the second item that is so think about it that way too, just in terms of, just give an example, you know, like the traditional way of thinking for a job site superintendent has maybe been to, you know, Hurry up and get Equipment Company X signed up because that's who they work with on their last job. They had a great relationship with them. Instead of taking the time to talk to the project manager, talk to CDC, get our own equipment rental program set up on the job sites like that's the type of behavior we want to try to influence with this is get our superintendents and our project managers get everybody thinking in terms of the enterprise.

Speaker 11  25:44
Anthony, one thing I think that we need to add to that. I think what you guys have done with the review

Unknown Speaker  25:49
and what you said, Joel, I think that's

Speaker 11  25:50
awesome, because there's nothing more frustrating than to be on a job and find out your safety guy went on a review, and as an operations executive, you didn't have any feedback, weren't given the ability to give feedback on that individual for their review, and it was done from somebody outside the job. But I think we got to broaden that horizon to think about the enterprise. I was actually afforded the availability on the Galaxy job to sit in on an interview with an sei individual. And I think that's what we got to start looking at. If we're really going to perform as an enterprise? We got to start looking at cross pollinating, getting that feedback as an enterprise. How are we functioning as an enterprise? Yeah, you may be doing good from an SEO perspective, but let's put that enterprise vision on it to make sure that everybody's starting to get that focus and review,

Unknown Speaker  26:39
you say, interview or review,

Unknown Speaker  26:41
review, yeah,

Speaker 4  26:43
because, because the intent right now, or just rough timeline, was, you know, pilot this fall, then operations in the greater enterprise. Obviously, this is a big thing, so it's going to be a multi year process. And one thing we didn't bring up, since it is getting objective, there's also needs to be. And we think there's a way to use AI for this to have reviewer reports, right? So if you know, I'm the hard ass and Joel's the nice guy, his guys are averaging threes and my guys are all averaging four fives, you know, there has to be some reviewer expectations, since it is going objective. So that's another component we didn't cover. Well, it feels like a phased rollout.

Ryan Abbott  27:19
So you're doing mentorship, you're showing everybody how to do a proper review, you're showing everybody how it should look. And then you're kind of working through operations that way. Yeah, definitely phase. And then gives you that

Speaker 7  27:33
consistency across different groups and different teams, different managers. So trying to get that so we have a good baseline

Speaker 12  27:41
everybody hated meeting expectations, right? And so, but also those, those opportunities were, like, they may not have opportunity for that, that rating, and so that kind of creates, like, goal planning. So we start creating those bull fight because some of the goal playing just wasn't that great, right? Really, really old that can be achieved. So I think there's, maybe there's a box for that too. We're like, hey, they can't really score because they didn't really get that opportunity, and we can

Speaker 4  28:06
start developing that better for them. That kind of ties into conor's point. You're right. The goal planning is something that needs to be pulled into this. And I think that's kind of the tie between the review process the goal planning kind of ties it to the group establishment in metrics, basically score people on the six pillars communication, that's going to be key. That would be the next step is kind of develop that out. What does it mean to get a, you know, to get a good score on safety, you know, there has to be a little bit of narrative supporting each of those. To me, that changes. You know, it might be similar for all operations, but especially once we go to the greater enterprise, it'll take a lot of thought on how to safety apply to to an accounting manager, those kind of things. That's that's where some challenges come into

Unknown Speaker  28:59
for sure, you guys have a CIP program written?

Unknown Speaker  29:04
Or do we have one standardized, or that's pretty

Unknown Speaker  29:08
project specific? Yeah, we,

Speaker 1  29:11
we phrase it as more we we try not to put that dialog out there. We phrase it more as we call it a performance goal document. And so thinking about, okay, your performance, what's the goal to usually improve it, right? And I know talent management tries really hard to work with the leader of the manager presenting that. So it's not just this document that's flying out there that everybody's saying, you know, hey, you were late today. I'm gonna write you up for this, you know. So there is, there's a key education piece to a lot of this is as well, which goes back to developing managers and leaders.

Speaker 3  29:46
Exactly. I have a question comment. Sorry, Jason, real quick. So I think, I think there's got to be some discussion and some synergy around who's doing this grading. Because I know you mentioned the ops exec, the field office, ex and the regional safety, but those three people can't do 200 so I think we're gonna have to look at how we push it down and bring it back up to those people for their review and comment, not to stop the day. But I think we need to take a little more deeper dive. And honestly, I think

Speaker 4  30:15
our current system works pretty well where you know the project lead, you have your primary reviewer, and then you have so that might be kind of the framework for that.

Unknown Speaker  30:25
There's also an example. There's the development of the

Speaker 13  30:28
project health check as well. What was that? Again? Project Health Check, which is part of the financial?

Speaker 4  30:35
The Financial, yeah, the people health check, right? Schedule came out, and then

Speaker 13  30:42
all the project,

Speaker 6  30:46
okay, we wanted to kind of that regional level too, somewhat, because some, you know those like Shawn has sees different jobs, so he might be able, like, like, if you just say, at South Bend, like, I know the guys at South Ben, but I don't know how to compare them to necessarily other people, where Shawn or Jake or someone has seen a lot of other people and said, Well, you know, if you look at this guy, and so there's a little bit more, you know, yeah, communication and not just so hyper focused, where we're hard on

Speaker 14  31:16
one, two things, one, that have to acknowledge that when People move and progress in their career, that one year, they may be promoted and their rating is going to go down naturally because they're performing a new job, and so they have to be set up, or the system has to be able to anticipate that when it comes to their bonus, if that's how it's being calculated.

Unknown Speaker  31:41
And I forgot my other thing, but the

Speaker 4  31:42
base amount would increase with promotion, right? And so that's, that's the thought to this is, you know, the base amount, and this needs a lot more development, but the base amounts, kind of, you know, every pm makes x percent of their salaries, their bonus, and then that's communicated, and then any enhancements are communicated so people see the result

Speaker 14  32:03
of the other the other item was people move from job to job and have different managers, right? And sometimes, when you're doing these evaluations, and somebody ends up having someone that's evaluating them that they've only worked for for a month or two, compared to someone they work for before, so that that always becomes a little bit clunky for people when they question who's rating them and or, you know,

Speaker 4  32:28
doing their review, yeah, establishing the process for primary reviewer and feedback participants.

Speaker 15  32:36
I agree one after this, yeah. I mean, this is great, but it's also important that every employee understand what the

Unknown Speaker  32:44
expectation is, and they actually head into a one that we don't wait all year to provide feedback.

Speaker 6  32:51
Yeah, we agree, I think, generally, like, we have those conversations real time with those employees as it exists. You know, we only kind of grade them, or, you know, we only get the ranking for this compensation time frame, which we currently already do around the November, December time frame. So, but if people are out of one, we don't wait for that, and that

Unknown Speaker  33:14
we're not supposed to. People's scores are a major surprise to them, and the managers themselves are

Unknown Speaker  33:21
good management. I

Speaker 16  33:24
work again if we need to. Yeah, real quick. So on our group, we came up with an idea similar today. It wasn't part of our group, of our task, but we came out with an idea we we thought that making some of those measurable objectives that you're grading so to avoid having the issue that you said earlier, then always like, Oh, I'm a Kurt ass, and he's nice, and you give that, it's like, Hey, are you billing some time? All the time? You know, if your classes were always ready, your schedule ready? If you do some of those objective one, and those are also control, it's easier and less objective mindset. Make it more objective at this present thing.

Unknown Speaker  34:02
Make it more objective. Yes, is,

Speaker 17  34:34
maybe, maybe it's a secret, I don't know, but recruiting is a big deal. Part of this, this whole team, but going along with the objective whole the story that we talked about, the more people that we include in the solutions are going to result about better results. So part of our initiative is we're going to do, I'm going to do two back factories. Was it kind of a recruiting key challenge. Originally, it was coaching, but Carmen said, so Alright, so

Speaker 17  35:14
the team that we were working with is here with myself and Otto right here. So we have Shawn Clark, Bret carbon, Steve Jordan, Tom Adam JR and cattle. So this was the original kind of opportunity, was to for information, for recruiting plan from companies that might be suffering, getting keeping that word, kind of socialized. Identify top subs and our suppliers, make sure we have that there, and then make sure we find those JV partners and work through different resources. Again, spreading out the recruiting. Instead of just the 25 or so recruiters, recruiting, it's the entire enterprise going into all the depths and using all the relationships. So kind of we initiated this on November 11, which was ahead of the last year. We set up meetings, we identified all the top vendor lists and all the sub, top sub contractors by volume, and we looked at those, and we started assigning people that could, you know, use and have those relationships with ourselves and vendors, and start asking them to call to reach out to them. We also got a list of all the competitors that we have and all the direct competitors in our markets that we're in, established the titles that we're interested in, and then we created about a list of what 700 persons within those titles that we should be reaching out to you in this team. We ended up getting splitting up the team and identified, hey, you have 70 or so 60 plus people to reach out to, to figure out and how make sure that we start getting some actual campaigns going. We partnered them with recruiters. So once they got somebody on the hook, then we actually grabbed through, push them through the process. And we started recruiting as normal. And then we we are, obviously we are where we are today, so and then so the roles that we started looking for our project managers, PM, directors, these are kind of a higher level focus, because one of the biggest areas we need to improve on our project leaders, people with special specialty expertise. So those are the roles that we asked everybody to kind of stick with. And what happened was we reached out to about over 600 individuals. Currently we this is math, and we got to continue this process, but we had about 15% response rate. You're hoping maybe a little bit more, but at that pretty typical for us to get about 15, 20% of people getting back. Now, that's not a successful rate. That's not saying, Hey, I wouldn't want to work for you. That is hey, by the way, anybody that gets back? So we'll talk a little bit about the math. We have to continue this process. But overall, some of the improvements that we had going on during the same period coming from November, is we enhance the portfolio program that everybody's known as where that we also updated a vacation policy. We talked a little bit about some of this stuff. There's some travel home every two weeks for independent for operations folks. So our stories became a little bit more improved. We implemented a tip and tip percentage incentive program for travelers. That's also been helpful. And then we started targeting and looking at maybe said, Hey, you guys really need to figure out, how fast are we hiring, and are you really filling the needs for the enterprise, and understand that the metrics that go behind time to fill role. And then we created from this initiative. Some of the good things that happened, some of the things that didn't work out really well is we created this tiger team, and really got them set up the tiger team, some of the folks are in here, and that's a group of executives that are spending about 50% of their time actually joining the recruiting team and going out there and finding people. So there's a lot of lot, this is a lot of motion. So some of the things that just to kind of give you some results through the first three months is just operational roles. We're just showing up where we are comparable from last year. Those are jobs that are having. I'm guessing. There's about 40 titles through anybody who's on the ground. We kind of call boots on the ground for our role. But those are operationals in 25 during the first three months we have, we hired 68 people, and 26 were at 130 so a lot of initiatives, a lot of people, a lot of people incentivize to help. We had last year from all the new incentives and different things that we're talking about. We have in 25 we had 41 of these same titles leave the company this year, we're at 38 so the increase of hiring also has a lot less going out the door. So those are really important to keep thumbs on the buckets and holes that we're trying to fill that and then we've also improved and increased our our college recruiting, so we have the ranks of the young folks coming up. So we're about 31 compared to 20 last year that are starting in May. So large we had a group. We still continue to hire them.

Speaker 17  40:07
So some of the things that we probably should be doing more of is we're trying to make some of those improvements push to this tiger team, so that again, some of the things we've learned, some things we didn't do well, and we're going to continue going, I think maybe expanding the tiger team. So there might be times where some of you folks, they have ups and downs and ebbs and flows in your business. There might be times where your your projects are getting delayed. We can kind of take advantage of persons to kind of join that team, even if it's temporarily, to go out and help and be part of this recruiting process. So that's one also that 700 people, or 600 plus people is a list, and if anybody knows anything about numbers and sales, it doesn't stop once. Right? Think a recruiting kind of overall in any sales initiative is, I think 40% of sales people or recruiters follow up on I'd say probably 60% of all sales persons or recruiters make three attempts. 85% of all sales and recruiting is between the fifth and the 12th context. So it is absolutely continuing to carpet bomb the market to make sure that we are out there researching. And the great thing is, like I mentioned earlier, our reputation is great. When we get a hold of somebody, they talk to them, they may not be ready today, but they know what they know about it. And we're hearing a lot of great things, and they're good people that want to say, Hey, I'm I can't do it now, but I'm going to continue that. So we'll find ways to make those happen, if not right away. Those will continue this at these efforts will continue. Works got continue. Talking to subs and vendors for referrals. We've also thought maybe we dedicate more a resource, more of another person that could help that this initiative go forever. Work with everybody in this group has been that your title and your role, it shows up pretty well through the internet. And so maybe there's somebody that never stops this initiative. That might be something we continue to have, somebody constantly work in this market and helping you guys through that and ongoing. And then really, some of the really important pieces that is, if you're part of this, is we really need, if you're interested in making this work, you really got to time block your calendar. You got to make those things happen at the end of the day. You're just not gonna fit it in. So those are things we talked about. We're talking about maybe even looking at the possible changes in how we travel to travel home eventually. Again, these are all things, but we really have initial 140 persons by the end of the year. I think we started off for a year. At the end of last year we looked at our sales projection. I think we needed a net 190 folks. New for operational folks? Well, right now we are hired 140 130 we still have about 140 plus, maybe 150 that changes every day here. Steve, that number. Mike, those things, the ebbs and flows. It could be under 80 tomorrow, but it continues to be part of that goal is to continue hiring folks, bringing good people in and on all the initiatives that we've already talked about is giving them some more feedback. This is all part of keeping the people that we hire, to keep them here Frank

Speaker 3  43:11
before you leave it. Can you describe, I think the tiger team, and I don't, some people know

Ryan Hankins  43:15
what that is. Give us a quick overview, yeah.

Speaker 17  43:17
So one of also one of this initiative that's kind of started since then, is there, there's a few folks in here. There's some other folks within our executive that may have enough capacity, and they may argue with that, but, but capacity to spend 50% of their time actually recruiting so they're not actually, they're supposed to be spending time behavior LinkedIn accounts, they we've reached out. We go to show you a kind of a whole website that we built, and everybody in here, we want everybody in here to have access. So we built a whole resource website that says, What are the jobs that are open? What are the needs that are coming up? Mike, within those roles that we talked about? What are, you know? What are the common things that people are going to say? Who are the companies that we should not recruit from, from a from a partnership, who are the companies we compete with, and all the date of information so that they can go out and have be armed with all the information that we use every single day as recruiters. We're it's in our brain, but it's not shared. So we think we can be shared with this.

Speaker 11  44:19
But Frank, no, I don't want everybody to get scared when he says 50% because I was one of those. I can tell you I don't have 50% of my time to put towards recruiting with Galaxy and everything, but I'll give you an example. So I was get I was given a list of 40 to 60 people, our competitors, high end people that we wanted to target. That list was given to me by Frank's team. I literally was able to reach out to those individuals via LinkedIn on a layover in the Dallas Fort Worth Airport, utilizing AI, and it was personalized messages that were sent to each individual, one that I was able to It's as quick as a copy paste. You tell AI what you're wanting to do, what you're wanting to reach out, what the goals are, and absolutely hit that. I think I was around 23 25% you know, reach back. Now they're on my on my list of LinkedIn so they're seeing my LinkedIn post, and then let's not lose sight of that rotate the rotates Where is very critical, because you got to have those multiple reach outs. And when they're seeing it's not a recruiter that's reaching out to them, it's an Otto, it's an Adam, it's a mike. That's when you really start to get the real responses.

Speaker 17  45:31
Yeah. And again, being on top of their list, they may have a bad most of our the most success, and there's some people in this room that kind of go along with that as well. There's a time where you're on fire and you're happy with your loved, your thing every day in your life, from working from another company. And there's one day they're five, you might be the person like, you know, I'm gonna get back to Adam, and that day, which we gave them a conversation, and they've heard our reputation, and they hear what we do. It is it's contagious, and it does work. It does help us. And so you really do. It's a consistent process, and like Adam said, you got to do it. Then we got to rotate this group of those 600 plus people as we continue to add to that list. Then we're going to ask everybody to keep rolling on that and keep

Otto Nichols  46:12
adding to that. A couple of things we learned, just lessons learned going through this, especially as when we talk about, you know, coaching or advanced recruiting, we'll just call it that, right? And you're going to reach out. We're going to

Unknown Speaker  46:27
identify folks out

Otto Nichols  46:28
there on their AWS programs, right for, you know, taking people out of them, or the right people in the company to reach out to those folks, and they might not have the all the time that you know somebody else that's on a tiger team has it has to do that, empowering you know someone from Frank's group to make sure and hold those people accountable. Right? Make in coordinating with operations, we found, is something that we need to press on and enforce, and then those you know really achievable and measurable goals, right? Reach out to 60% the 60 league got 25% and then reporting that back to like an Anthony or Ryan or Steve or Mike, I think, is really important, because, you know, personally, what I found is, all right, I got 70 people on my list, and then I've got, you know, several jobs that need 100% of my attention now, okay, that that's the thing that suffers, but it's still the most important thing on the job, and a lot of people are going to be in that position, so we need to, I think, formalize that structure a little bit and make sure we're, we're supporting Frank's team's efforts and not just saying, Okay, well, the crew is going to take care of it.

Speaker 17  47:40
Yeah, we're here to help, right? We're assist, we're come by and make sure that we're part of that. Everybody, just like Adam and Otto and everybody that participated, you know, you go out there, you reach out. It's not as difficult. You don't have to do it all in one day, but you can make those things happen. And once you get somebody on the hook, we're going to pick them up and say, Hey, by the way, I know Otto is really busy. Let me help you with that. And our team is going to come through and figure out how to make that process work. So it is, it's a group effort, but we, we're not asking anyone to do go completely outside the way, and do all the onboard in person, but we do want to make sure that your titles are influential, and you guys have a lot of great things to say, Your stories are good as well.

Speaker 18  48:18
So Frank, a lot of times, the success comes with an actual phone call. You know, LinkedIn, I thought the success rate was fairly low. Phone call, you get the one guy said, Oh yeah, by the way, I know this guy that, you know. I mean, you got to get somebody at the right time. Or you say, you know, I got a guy in mine. Just give me a little more time to get it to some consummation.

Otto Nichols  48:42
So people should understand, like, Frank's got professional enterprise zoom info. I asked, you know, Lexi PHL, hey, can you find emails and phone numbers for all these folks? And she found probably 60% of their phone numbers. There's resources out there. When you get the information for people you want to reach out to,

Speaker 17  49:00
that's right? And you know, there's, like, anything else you can go on internet, and you wouldn't find that nomenclature for any company to operate. I think the old school, before LinkedIn, and all these things which you get up and you call, and you make the phone calls, and that's, there's much more, because what you then you have an opportunity say, Well, sounds like you're a great spot if you were being called, it's not who's looking. There's all kinds of things you should be asking about. Just gotta keep you say, I gotta keep the conversation going. Well, I did want to jump

Speaker 5  49:33
into that. I think one thing, one thing that would be a great visual for this group to see. We don't have it, but describe it. As the Bridget staff plan. Where is this really drawn into the importance of recruiting, and why? When we do ask the target team parents, referring to it's the executive recruiting group, where we have plucked out 15 top leaders of the organization and said, 50% of your time, this is so important that we're taking some of the highest leaders in the business and dedicating 50% of your time to helping. And the reason why that is in addition to larger groups that are focused on things like Adam was describing Frank walk through by we have capacity, which is our people, and that people kind of increases generally, maybe 20 each month when we're bringing out and hiring new people. But then we also have demand, and in the world we're in today, that demand far exceeds our existing capacity of people, and this points raised from time to time by September of this year, was one of our biggest gaps, where, based on the work we already have in hand the needs of the job sites and making sure we're servicing the job sites by providing enough of the right people so We can all execute to the level that our clients expect us to execute, and we expect us. We have huge gaps, significant gaps. And so that gap as an example, September of this year was

Unknown Speaker  51:14
somewhere around 178

Speaker 5  51:17
and then in January of 27 it kind of grows again, back up to that same level as we're looking at all this stuff really ties together, because as we're looking at adding new work and new projects to it, we absolutely have the scarcity of talent, and in order to achieve and execute well and keep our reputation, we have got to focus on hiring and bringing in the right people. And that's why, if you do get reached out by Frank and team, or you're put on a tiger team or a committee, it is a real part of, you know, how we're providing value to the company. You know there's, there's very few more important things to do right now and making sure we're bringing in the right people. So appreciate everybody's help that's engaged in it. Appreciate everybody that's working on thinking about, how do we do it better? And for the people in this room, you know, if you're not on a team, you know we still want you to out there recruiting from your networks, companies you know about, subcontractor relationships that you know about it is a key, key initiative for us this year.

Unknown Speaker  52:32
Any other questions or comments? Pat, Frank, how

Unknown Speaker  52:35
big of an impact was the enhanced

Speaker 14  52:36
referral program? We're in the process of doing that with concrete packages?

Speaker 17  52:40
Well, in certain right? It's probably doubled our referrals. I think one of the thing we gotta always be careful of is, you know, sometimes there aren't we gotta really spend a lot of time. How, how close was that referral, right? Is it that they really know them, or they just passing something through? Cuz sometimes we get we spend a lot of time on the wrong people, so we ask people to spend a little bit more time, you kind of double we kind of changed our process to ask a little bit more, do a little bit more to it. So that's been helpful to get some more information out of all the people that are referred. So that's been helpful for us to kind of screen through some of the people that we might be fit. Hey, bye. I did work with this person. I know how they're work ethic. And if we have good people that refer good people because they know them, that's really helpful, and that's been great for us to do. So, yeah, I think additional piece to this

Speaker 7  53:29
break the like the regional recruiting calls that we started last year, yeah, they were great in the beginning. People had a lot of leads, and then I think it's naturally people's people's list have just gotten tapped out, and is a plan to give those groups lists that they can go help

Speaker 17  53:47
follow up with. So Steve, we just talked about this yesterday with Mike and everybody, about how we lost some momentum, but that was very, very critical to kind of leading to some of the activities that we have. Now. What do we not do? Well, how do we do that? In part, if you don't know, but we basically look at every every project leader across the company, country, broke things down by regions, and then created a team of people that were all assisting in this process. And we think we exhausted a lot of those folks, at least at that point. And we do need to either regenerate, energize that, or roll some of those, some of these new practices in that group. Yes.

Amy Hawkins  54:25
So Frank, if you look at the RE recruiting number that you had up there, like 3840 right, over the two years, and we're trying to pull in 141 5160, right? So that's, it's a significant number, right? And when those people leave, they oftentimes take people with them. Sometimes, you know, it's not just a one, it's one that's net, that's net, that's net,

Speaker 3  54:50
yeah, so 180 if you lose 40, we got to hire 160 to

Amy Hawkins  54:54
lose 20. So my question or timeline is, is that the RE recruiting effort shouldn't be kind of a footnote here. It should be a focus, right? I think we need to really double down on some of our internal, you know, just maybe not as elaborate as the tiger team, but some sort of focused effort. You mean

Unknown Speaker  55:15
the people that are currently working for us now,

Speaker 19  55:18
that number, you know, like, just like, we have zero punch

Speaker 3  55:24
that comes down. Everybody comes out of you and you and you, everybody on these job sites, making sure everybody, you get the team, team building and the unity going on. I know Rick's been doing tours on several projects, trying to get some of the younger people at Synergy down in Texas. He was down there for a week, and they went out to California. I mean, we need when you as execs, go to your project, reach out, spend five minutes with people on the job site, take them to dinner, whatever that takes, but that's almost just as important retaining as recruiting.

Speaker 11  55:53
Yeah, Steve, one of the things I wrote down, we didn't get to do Q and A after the first group, but was communicate the value of the tenure and what it means to the organization. I mean, when I look at the Galaxy team, like just about 90% of our team is new hires, but we had a core group of young PMS. And when I say young PMS, young PMS that had experience with Clayco, that's the most valuable thing I had on that entire team, was that experience from Clayco. They were much more valuable than a project director. Project Director brings experience and doing the job, but having that Clayco And then expressing that value. Because a lot of times what you hear when, when you have these initiatives to bring people in, you start to hear the coffee pot talk of, man, I'm getting hired over the top of, I'm getting hired over the top of, no, you're a value. You know, we've got to make sure we're doing that. And you look at, you know, everybody that's presented so far today, you can see where that can integrate in. When you start talking about what, what Joel and team presented up here with the review process, and you know what? What is the tenure factor that goes on, that bonus, and the value of that? People follow

Mike Pierle  56:59
people look at resumes that each of you that are seeing right now, look at the transitions that are happening. Some of you. What are you seeking? You're seeking leadership. People follow people. That's the one thing

Speaker 13  57:12
I've learned. So I was gonna say, Are we also focusing when we bring the new hires over, they're bringing their co workers as well. Oh, yeah, because that could that's a huge point. I mean, that one person did you hire can turn into

Unknown Speaker  57:24
five real quick. That's right.

Speaker 14  57:28
Is there anything where we're going back and looking at people that have left over the last two years and keep in touch with them? Sometimes they're afraid if they made a mistake, but they're afraid

Speaker 17  57:39
they people. Are there, they feel like they can't come back, right? So we want we go do that regularly. We look at anybody that leader, but they didn't accept our offer that we really wanted to, and people that left us. We look at people we want to hire back, and then we kind of recur to go back and revisit them. And that's that's actually been successful

Anthony Johnson  57:57
for us. I just want to add one comment. They'll probably move on to the next one. So really, like to put a bow on a couple things here. There's really, there's really three primary constraints as it relates to resources and how we how we scale and grow the company and continue to execute work. We've talked a lot about the number, and if you have a number of people, the number of people, we are short. And I would argue that one of the constraints, or that 170 people short, but we know from past experience that in order for our projects to be successful, in addition to the number, we have to have the key leaders. You have to have the right people leading the job. You do not have, like rock solid people at the top of the organizational chart, the project is simply not going to be successful. So that's the second constraint. The third constraint, then, is the Clayco experience piece that Adam was referencing. You can have a bunch of great people, but if none of them understand how we work, how we think, how we value our customers, and how we're not going to let anything stand in the way. A lot of people don't think like that when they first get here. They have to be trained to think like that. So, so there is a art and a science to building, you know, orchards for all of these projects and for recruiting and like that's the balance that we need to build into each one of our project teams. And, you know, way out as we, as we continue to recruit is the tiger team is primarily focused on the key leaders, right? I mean, that's that at the end of day is our biggest constraint, you know. And you know, no particular order are the other things. So key leaders, Clayco experience the overall number of the

Speaker 20  59:36
178 is there, like a regional breakdown, like, for example, how many people we need here in St Louis, yeah.

Speaker 17  59:43
I mean, it's there, yeah. We have all

Unknown Speaker  59:47
where we need Texas, yeah.

Speaker 17  59:49
And that goes to mean that we do have that yeah, like Shawn labs, he was saying, Hey, we have this group of people that we know, we know the needs, but those are just needs, and to grow and continue for next year, exceed those needs, to have more people so we can get new projects too. All right, let's jump into

Speaker 3  1:00:04
this, and then we'll come back questions on this, and we still have, hopefully, a few minutes

Speaker 17  1:00:10
so another, you know, a key piece to making sure that we're hiring faster, because the process has to be, you know, streamlined, enough that we get the great people, and when they're looking, we want them to accept fast and get up, get them on board. And so that team, this is Frank, Madhu, Bret, Byron Scott and Steve for being part of this. So we had to kind of evaluate the different steps and different processes within once somebody gets screened, first of all, and then we hire. What are we doing? What? How do we change our behavior? So we want to do is, you know, we want to hire quickly, bring on board people, meeting needs in the organizations. Pretty simple task or goal, but it is simple when you have to break it down. So we looked at where we were. We looked at we started this mission around November. And so one of the initiatives where we looked at and say, Okay, so we're going to start draw a line of sand. We're going to start changing our behavior. We're going to identify, what are we doing differently? Where are the different steps in the process? And then we said, Okay, so we're going to go back from January 1 of 25 through November 1 of 25 and then from November 1 through today. And that's kind of where we are. So the initial screening process, when we find somebody, talk to them. We were last year where 21 days down to 13 days. Those are where we those are some significant changes. The interviews or recap, something we continue need to work on is how fast we get. And those are those are tough to schedule. Everybody here is busy. You're part of those recaps. Instead, it's just, I tell my team just as hard as to schedule it next week as it is that day, you still everyone has the same restraints, but part of this, one of the initiatives, is we kind of have to commit to it and make sure, yeah, you better see that, yeah, I met somebody today, and we're going to meet them today, hopefully not before tomorrow. We can meet together, and we did some things to make sure that we did, and we'll call a little bit about we can improve that. The recap to offer like that is gathering information. We'll talk a little bit more about those steps, like getting that information to that getting those persons within the pre offer stage, meaning getting their background checks, getting things rolled, getting collecting that salary information, collecting all the information, and validating are they right, and then making that offer. And then certainly the offer to start is more difficult to adjust address. Hey, I'm gonna put my notice in. I got it two weeks. They have a vacation plan. They want to do a honey do list, whatever it is. So that's a little more difficult. But we were able to move it from 77 days, which we were prior to November, down to 54 so that's an improvement overall. And we're going to keep and this is through the holidays. So we had, this is through. Remember, think about December. You know, November, December, January. We have people like, Well, start next, beginning here. So this could be continuing to improve as we continue to work through this. And identifying it and looking at is really important. And everybody in this room really is part of this. So first the other then Anthony says, Well, what about how do you, how do you identify the need, right? Which identify the need to the day? So we again, we we've less information, a little more difficult, but we were right now from that 54 days we have, we have nine days it takes for us to identify the need, on an average, to get that first screen. We're continuing working on that to become better. That's where we currently are subject to 90s we can lose people nine days. So what did we do? We started the application process earlier,

Speaker 17  1:03:38
and I use it. So most of the people that we hire, that we've been talking about today are not applying, right? There's somebody we tap them on the shoulder or say, hey, come talk to us. If you've been part of that, it's difficult for somebody to say, Well, sure, I'll submit my information into your system. And I'm worried this is confidentiality building trust. Part of that is is getting someone to be say, hey, they trust us not to leak their information. And then. So that really was, and that's a big piece of that, getting some of the paperwork in the background, stuff done, the references. People don't want to give away references. You got to call them. They're not interested yet. They don't know. So we're trying to really push for that. Another that's behavior change on our side. So that's been a big key indicator, because that lag drags on after like longer the increased pool of interviewers, that's probably spend more, a little bit more time. So what we know is, everybody in here is busy. Some of you hit inundated and can't, just can't interview anymore. And so we did was we asked all of you, and some of the job site leaders, who your projects within those titles are, would you recommend that you would say some of those top performers? And they gave us a list of all going through that regional list, and we created a list of all the people that we was about 250, 300 people. So then we set up some trainings. We went through and set training up for all those 300 people to say, hey, we might need you to be part of this recruiting process, we don't bog down the interview time, and it gives us more pool to people, and it brings more people into the solutions of it. So we train them. We also gave them some like recommendations of how they might store people during the interview process, and then make sure they get their comments and make sure that we ask them as much as possible to be on the rec house. Steve will tell you, Mike, we get all kinds of crazy stuff. We hear from recaps that has good and bad. We hear different things from different people, which is great. So the same day recaps, that's been helpful. We're really pushing for that can be an interview on Friday afternoon. It's hard to get it done through that. So we're still pushing for those days. Something else we always talk about is pretty glass. So when we are trying to chase down calendars for everybody here for hiring manager asking them to say, hey, can we do this every Tuesday at Two? We know that can move, but we do that, and that's been helpful as well. Some of those little things you realize in all Singapore people to recap or run somebody, we're all going to get together and do that, we also wanted to offer discussions, right? We know the same concept is certainly with some of the people, the largest with like Gary and Steve and Mike and that group, where they're just hiring a lot, is pounding pre planned offer discussion times so that we know that we have that are pretty orchestrated. We know exactly, if there's eight or 12 offers in an hour, we have to get those things all planned out and organized for them, and that's been helpful. Everybody participating in that. And then background checks. We didn't used to do background checks. We did background we didn't we never used to make offers prior to getting a background check. And during that period, too, we only be at government shutdowns. We've had all kinds of things in that. And sometimes those processes move very slow. So not that we're going to hire anybody before that, but we're certainly going to make the offer so that we don't lose somebody that has a competing offer. And that's also been helpful. Now, again, we want to make sure that everybody gets that information done and complete before they start. And sometimes we've had start dates move out. It's usually because that person was maybe a little slower. Again, they're passive candidates, and want to make sure they're making the decisions right. And then we got more leadership that we talked about the regional planning, we talked about the thing with the initiatives we just got done. We talked about the tiger team. We're talking about it now, and getting that those 300 people initiated in the recruiting process. It does help people buy into the overall process and then really starting to share some of those, those metrics within those groups. So they say, Hey, we they have something target for too, and certainly sharing the time to fill stats, because we want everybody to go, Hey, by the way, I'm part of the solution. I'm also part of, I could be part of ROM so making sure they're available for those things. So these are some we need to continue to improve on, but those are stuff that we work working on all the time.

Speaker 17  1:07:51
So I think we got next steps for us. We're continuing to make sure we interview, to recap, has been harder than for us to get through, but we're working on that intention continually. We're also looking at that recap to offer time is really getting important, and trying to change our verbage to the people that we're trying to are passive. They're not exactly sold yet to come now, so we have to get that information faster, and then we're continuing. These are some that we're going to continue, continue to work on. Make sure that we use share the best practices for other groups, continue those pre back pre block times for department leaders, for recaps and hiring discussions or offer discussions. We're targeting a 45 day so we still have nine days we can improve and think that that's a decent and start talking a day and a half or two days certainly the recap time. So if we can get down to 45 days from a screen, somebody showing up here, that's a goal for us. So anybody have any questions I got?

Speaker 21  1:09:00
Yes, sir, all these numbers and data are just all Clayco stuff. That's all Clayco stuff. How does the rest of the enterprise compare to those numbers? And are we behind? It feels like we're behind, and not that we don't have that same effort that we need to get on.

Speaker 17  1:09:15
So we've been working with me and for the dude to talk about the same thing in that group. So you know, it's more about it's, it's really also starting to if all the stages, not everybody is getting everybody use, making sure that they're using. So sometimes we're busy like everybody else. We're like, Oh, we're going from a hey, I screened this person. We go through all the things, we set up, all the interviews, and everyone find out they're making on offer. You know, which is good? You have to kind of start use, making sure you move things people through that. So we are talking to her right now, making sure we're aligned that way. Yes, yes, sir. There's a process. How many like, how

Unknown Speaker  1:09:50
much time will we operation Dave,

Speaker 6  1:09:53
when we miss the interviews and start dragging on right? So it feels like that's low hanging fruit, and part of that is how many people need to interview to be able to make the offer?

Speaker 17  1:10:03
So we need to, we need to read lesson. We need to get not get hung up on making sure we have 30 people in the interview. But we got to make sure the right people. So sometimes people, the right person, their schedule change, and we got to really adjust. And we ask everybody through that training things just don't just not show up. It's been that's a really people are going to getting their car, taking day off, hiding out in their, you know, someplace of a project, to meet with us, and it becomes kind of an issue, and then you lose a lot of credibility. So we've got to be on and we say, hey, the resume is on that text. And say, Hey, man, I want to meet with you. Can you meet later and be take initiative rather than go decline and then we play damage control? So it really does matter if people do show up and making sure we don't have too much bureaucracy in the process.

Speaker 5  1:10:52
What do we ever find people? Yeah, is that equal for regardless of what the position is, or should it be nothing for PD versus nothing for PD versus Yeah.

Speaker 17  1:11:04
So we do, for instance, one thing we do, Gary mayor does a great job getting a lot of his key people. Plus we also want to make sure there's two operations execs on every every interview for Supers. So we make sure that everybody's buying in. So there are some roles that we do have additional to make sure that we're all seeing the same things. But yeah, a PE, I think right now, we could have three or four people, as long as they're the right people. We have some people are maybe those are too nice of interviewers. We try to evaluate too many people that are too too nice, and then make sure there's a tough interview or that that's the mix of interviews that's also

Unknown Speaker  1:11:38
really frank. Have you identified where the employment is from the bosses?

Speaker 17  1:11:42
Yeah, oh, there's bottlenecks all over. Right? So we had, when we went from 77 days, we had to look and go, Well, how do we fix this? We take one big problem, broke it down. So the bottlenecks, a lot of it, is calendar, schedules, timing, background checks. When do we make discussions with reference checking? When do we ask these people to apply within the system, and you can't just sell sometimes you're like, Hey, will you apply there? Like, wait, I don't even know what you guys are saying yet. So we got to kind of get through and get some trust and make sure we talk as a recruiting team a lot more earlier, introduce that concept earlier, so that we don't spread this out. Right? So yes,

Speaker 13  1:12:18
are we telling the candidates what our time frame typically is, so they don't get discouraged at the time it may take. Like, up front, hey, this is a 30 day process, so we're gonna go do this is what it's gonna look like, kind of like a road map.

Speaker 17  1:12:32
I We don't we tell them all the struggle. I should say, we should be telling everybody the steps of the process. Yeah, I'm not sure we always get into it. That's a good point. Maybe hold ourselves accountable say hey we're right now thinking we're trying to, we'd like to get this done the next 60 days does that work out with your timing, things like that.

Speaker 13  1:12:48
Yeah, just so they don't get discouraged if things start to take a little bit longer then they go look somewhere else because

Speaker 17  1:12:55
betweeners. really get stuck. If somebody, I'm telling you right now, someone said I'm a MEP project director, and I'll go to a job in Central Texas, and I'll be come home every two weeks and work for a competitor. That's gonna be a really fast hop, right?

Anthony Johnson  1:13:14
If I remember, right, the recaps timing was like nine days, and it only went down to eight days. So long, full wonderful intent and improvement, have we considered, like not doing the recap meetings and instead of having a recruiting team get the feedback from people I've interviewed and work with the hiring manager?

Speaker 17  1:13:34
So yeah, we've short, we've done some things. First of all, you know, otter is about big piece of that, and kind of getting that information, so we don't have to go back in and re evaluate. And if we look at all the micro, micro adjustments over 1000s and 1000s of people, we say, you know, 80, you know, 1000s of hours a year. So yeah, getting the lesser. But that's kind of that scorecard, making sure we get all this information should be the right mix of people. And sometimes you get different things, and recap is really important. Yeah, I

Speaker 3  1:14:05
gotta tell you that. I mean, Mike's going or not, you get four people in a recap, and I might say one thing, but the other three are going, did you see that? And maybe that person missed or they were rushed in an interview. So it's, it's hard to, it may be hard to just boil that down to some written text. Do we ever give feedback, of like, communicate?

Speaker 17  1:14:31
Well, yes, we can. We can do a better job with that, and it's a little more difficult to kind of do that, but we're working on some way to track who's interviewed and give everybody some notifications. There's some candidates I really like that. We don't hire them. I don't know why. Like put them in a spreadsheet that I call in six months. That's not a bad idea, making sure that we do, we do put people in this ace, kind of a category ace for future consideration, if we got through we really like them, and we kind of keep them in a list so that we kind of revisit them and kind of market to them regularly. I know that a lot of people are involved with interviews, and we just, I'm not gonna say we can't do it. That's an area of improvement, doing a better job of communicating that.

Speaker 16  1:15:22
That. How do we convert our competition? I mean, how do we read faster slower than you know? I think there's, you

Speaker 17  1:15:30
know, different stories all the way around. I think we probably could do there's probably somebody, some companies that don't make sure they don't make sure, they don't even do background checks. There's some people that have one interview and they HR person, and there are some people that have a longer and uglier one. So I can't tell you, because I don't really know all of it. I've heard some good things from other people saying, hey, this place takes longer than others. And some people like, hey, because it's The Inbetweeners that take a long time. I tell you, we get stuck up and a lot of in between us that don't work. Our people lose some interest, too. So some of it is our behaviors that we need to change. I believe we're all I'm never gonna say we can't improve. But, yeah, I don't know how other beating our competitor, JV partners, I can tell you that that's happening,

Speaker 22  1:16:18
Elizabeth, are we using an AI agent to speed up the application to the interview, because they could be scheduling and have we considered, I mean, because it should really be able to accelerate that funding, even with an auto response, setting an expectation and letting them know that someone's going to be reaching out, and What the overall timeline, our average timeline is, you

Speaker 17  1:16:38
know, we don't do that. We do have some easy ways for us. We do have a booking and think is what it's called. Within our outlook, we send out a count a group of hey, you choose whatever version of that rather than Hey, call up Mr. Call Hey, by the way, did you get that email? Whatever. So we'll send out. So if we're going to screen, they can choose what makes sense to them. That goes out pretty fast.

Conor Tighe  1:17:01
Yes, it would be useful to get analytics of who's hiring in our regions, because it tells us who is busy and who's not right. Because effectively, if they're hiring at market, we know that they that they are going to be less competitive on bids within that region, within that market cycle. So I don't know if there's a way that we can sort of collaborate, collaborate on data, particularly as we're looking at me from competitors.

Speaker 17  1:17:28
Yes, you have never thought of that. Maybe we know that they're out there. We know what, who's our lot of times you can offer discussions and interviews and like other person talking to that company.

Conor Tighe  1:17:37
Yeah, we get a sense of who's busy. Because if they're not hiring, they're they're basically just trying to retain their current they have people on their bench, right? That's effectively what that's signaling. Yeah. And so I don't know if there's a way to leverage the data that you utilize within LinkedIn. Your LinkedIn recruiting, it's not feed it back, feed

Speaker 17  1:17:59
it into something we could certainly look at that would help us kind of understand and then all that information is out there, right? We, I think we get a lot of we get a lot of information from LinkedIn, and we outperform everybody that we compete with in our market. So our work, we're absolutely outperforming every company from what we do on LinkedIn. It's everybody that does all the things and Bob and everything, because our brand is out there. And when we go out with those, the markets already soften. Then we go reach out to them. They're like, Okay, I've seen a lot about you, but we do have they that are every company that advertise out, like in LinkedIn, or we can scrape everybody's job towards, I guess we could do some sort of AI process to

Unknown Speaker  1:18:34
figure that out. Yeah, just scrape it.

Speaker 23  1:18:37
Yeah. Are we aggregating data across interviews? Like, if we get feedback from a prospect that their organization is having leadership challenges, because people often leave leadership, not companies,

Speaker 17  1:18:51
you know, if we hear that internally within our group, like we're like, Hey, by the way, what do you hear like we every week, and that we don't always wait for that week, but we say, Hey, what are you hearing out there in the world? Hey, by the way, you know, we had, you know, Gray was, you know, struggling with this, and we heard this from the super and we went out and passed on that company.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:12
That's where I was going. Yeah, good way.

Speaker 17  1:19:15
I would say it's less time formal, but maybe we could improve that as well.

Speaker 3  1:19:18
Sure. Okay, take one more question, and then let's come back to Katie. And we want to get done off by 1035 we're going to make it. And then if you have more questions on any other

Unknown Speaker  1:19:28
group, we can so yes, sir, yeah.

Speaker 6  1:19:31
So one thing with these interviews, I think there's a really big opportunity to shorten that recap after interviewing, and just from interviewing and interviewers, the more time you put between that, the harder it is for you to really retain the information. I think, if you're interviewing, first of all, thank you. Second of all, make time. Make time for it. It's 15 minutes. Do it on the phone. You didn't have me. It's easy. And when you're done interviewing, I've gotten in the habit of sending that particular recruiter, and it's always linked tell that person right after the interview what you think. Doesn't have to be super in depth. It could be no brainer. Higher think we should keep talking about this, or let's just not even recap. There's no reason to we're not that's a great point, and it saves a lot of a lot of words and a lot of time, and that's six, seven days. We need to get out of that immediately. And I think too, Justin general, a lot of feedback I get from the new hires across the board is that we are doing this pretty quickly. There, there. There's a theme of impressions from, you know, being around the new hires and being around the higher orientation that they were shocked at how fast it went from initial reach out to, I'm here already, so I think we're doing good. Of course, we can get better, but this is great.

Speaker 3  1:20:46
Katie, any comments on talent development? Anybody remember that far

Unknown Speaker  1:20:58
back? I i have one general question, with all the big

Speaker 17  1:21:12
JV and bringing new people on a poll, I can, I can talk to that. We're identified. So one of the things that we probably didn't talk about today is we started this extended onboarding. That extended onboarding means is we're trying to match them up with we created new training manuals with every all new onsite jobs. And it's also kind of a virtual checklist of things, and that's just a piece of it. But most importantly, we're our recruiting team, which we never did before, was we're reaching out, meeting with that person personally. At 10 days into the process. You say, hey, how things going? You find your way. We're also setting up. We also, we also did the same thing with all the interviews. We got the same list and train them on what we expect them to be on the as an ambassador for their training. And then we said, All right, so now we're going to go some of you people are part of this. We got, we did a 3060, and 90 day check in with not just the supervisor, but somebody in leadership on the projects that they don't interact with every day, and sit down with them and talk about what's going on. We came up with specific questions. Okay, do you answer your question? Avert. And then training and development starts picking them up and kind of talking about gaps so their technical training and gaps within their development. But what we're finding is like, wait a second, we're putting somebody that's new on a project, that's their trainer is a block away in another program, and that is a problem, and their supervisor as a JV partner, right? So we're gonna have, we created, we're creating a new process for that, and we're looking at from some of the regions that don't have those, those high volume of new people, and using them as trainers to kind of sit in say, Hey, I know we don't work with the other day. I know you work for JV partner XYZ, but this is kind of how we do what you're learning on our side. So we're trying to address that exactly. That's a lot more work than we thought.

Otto Nichols  1:22:57
Yeah, because, you know, I got a lot of JV, but when we're not the managing partner, that is a problem. I think the other thing is, besides the training, try to get them to come to the office for like, a Friday pm meeting or something, every once in a while, helps a lot, and people start getting excited, oh, I'm going to be on a Clayco Maintenance it's it's tough.

Speaker 1  1:23:19
So Chad to further auto point some of it's a learning curve for us too, because figuring out how to navigate and who is the lead on those projects, I will say, to Frank's point, we've kind of fine tuned the feedback loop of that extended onboarding 3060, 90 days, and we've been able to capture anything of two specific instances where we thought people might leave after they shortly started, because something was going on that we might not have heard about, but we were able to address it and fix it quickly. So that's been helping a lot too, because what we're finding, and what we know is that the connection to the culture is what is going to retain people, and

Speaker 11  1:24:00
so we're doing a lot. Yeah, I think Steve did his Texas Tour A couple weeks ago. Rick and I'll tell you, like, we need to do a better job, not just with project engineers, the superintendents, everything. Because what I saw in my job was when Rick came and did that, we went out to eat one night as a small group. You see that small group come in the next day, very energized, wow, man. We get the attention of the of the main office, and then you have the flip side of your superintendent, young stars. Man, why didn't? Why didn't we get to go out and hang out? And where are we getting, you know, that kind of attention. And a lot of times, you know, maybe on the superintendent side, and when your operations manager filled up, Sky comes in, it's really not that type of focus to where, hey, let's take our eyes off the job a little bit, and let's talk about you. Let's talk about the company and progression. But I think we can all do a better job of what Rick did a couple weeks ago.

Speaker 1  1:24:57
So Adam, it's funny. I started in May of 2023, and occasionally I'll run into people who are in my new hire orientation class. And I ran into one he was in town for one of our team leader summits a couple of months ago, and it was really great to see him. We caught up for a couple minutes. And I, I routinely will ask people who are newer here, like, hey, what's what's causing you to stick around, because chances are, you're getting offers from other places. And I said to him, I said, You've been here almost three years now, like, you know, I'm sure that you're getting offers. And he named one person, one person, and it was a project lead who he said, really took him under his wing when he started, and made him feel like he was a part of Clayco. And he said he's not going anywhere else, like he wants to retire here. So to Adams point like it's the responsibility of everybody in here to help those people feel like they want to

Speaker 3  1:25:47
be here. You saw the training slide earlier, a couple hours ago, but the ops, 1.0 2.0 the case studies, their educational opportunities, but they're also cultural opportunities. We get them to St Louis and we spend two, three days with them. We have dinners. A lot of times. We're all kind of attending those dinners and interacting with them and see those people. They're on your job sites, remotely. It's not just educational, it's also culturally. That's why we do

Speaker 20  1:26:15
those things also, is there a point in the 1.0 or 2.0 like my orientation was a while ago, in which we are impressing upon our new young talent how important the collaboration with services are and how that affects the bottom line is that part of the training these days, so new hire

Speaker 1  1:26:31
orientation is one piece, right? And we're constantly revamping that so we continuously change and add, and we're looking at adding more information about, you know, the integrated model, the self perform things like that, and then throughout the summit, they get some component of that. So we just revised that op summit 1.0 we did a first round a couple years ago with just PES and senior PES, and then we quickly figured out it would be beneficial to put the assistant supers in as well. And that was a game changer to have those two groups,

Speaker 20  1:27:03
I think. I mean, I'm sure some people knew the company. Their first experience is an advertisement adversarial comment from someone that's been here for a long time that doesn't address that orientation

Unknown Speaker  1:27:15
going on right next door. Yeah, those groups come in

Speaker 15  1:27:17
to talk about things. So, yes, it's orientation, Yeah, cuz I

Speaker 20  1:27:23
don't know, I don't know how. I didn't know how cool Barclay was until I talked to his peers. You

Speaker 24  1:27:34
know, look around this room. I think half the people at least, have been here 10 plus years in this room, and we had the luxury of seeing Clayco at the billion dollar company kind of a little bit slower than it is at least right now. And we got the luxury of learning for mentors a little bit slowly, and then really getting into a leadership position around three or four years ago, right? And then looking around the country now, we each have three or four leaders that we train, and that's great, but I feel like we're at the inflection point now where we're hiring PMTs from other companies. They don't have that luxury, and we're expecting them to do the same thing we just did at a different, same set of expectations, but a completely different environment, and pretty much an unfair environment, but same expectation. So I think you kind of have to it back to succession planning and that pyramid that Jason showed, or whatever you want to call it, you kind of need to force that pyramid and make a clear identification who that team is. And it doesn't have to be on the same campus. There could be parts and pieces of it that are on that same campus, but I think there's gonna have to be some collaboration from other teams. For instance, if you're on JV, you have to have some type of like forced mentorship pyramid. Then maybe that can be part of how you manage all these summits. You bring, you know, three or four of those teams together, and then they form another bigger pyramid. So you start to make that same fraternity that a lot of this room has right now. So because I do get that feedback all the time, people that are 25 years old, they don't

Speaker 5  1:29:18
know who their mentor is. What are the fact that one of the cool aspects of that particular training program was as you go through it, and as you escalate in foundations, the leadership, the management, 101202, the advanced leadership, you're peered with a peer coach, and it's somebody that's gone through that program the year before you it could be across the company, across the country, and it's just a great way of wanting making sure that the people that are coaches or mentors, they're some of the best people in the company. So you know, they're going to actively engage in that process, and they've done what you're going through right now. So it's just a good way to create that network, that fraternity, and it's a pretty close knit group of the folks that have gone, I mean, even your your cohort, become very, very close with that group, too. So

Speaker 24  1:30:18
that's why people stay like they've been here three years. They're not leaving for the one person. I have that same perspective, but I bet you showed us the charts that have to come in two years or less. Yep, so I bet one half that chart doesn't have that person yet. Do a

Anthony Johnson  1:30:40
question. Well, I guess one question I had for folks too, so we saw a couple really high level examples of professional development. And I think the kind of message with that was that's one gap that we have. We have kind of the technical training program, not necessarily professional development program. So any thoughts from, I mean, those were two examples that were brought to the table. Any thoughts or perspective for anybody from other backgrounds or, or does anybody, everybody in here feel like this is, you know, an issue that we should be focusing on across the organization? I know you know, you know, just your comment on the mentoring cabinet, I think is spot on, because, like, that's one thing that I know Rick spends days and nights doing, and worries me every night is like when we have brand new people that are coming to Clayco, and they're going down to Haskell, Texas, and they're going to be there for an extended period of time. They're not touching this, you know, and finding as many ways to get touches with those folks and get them embraced in the organization, I think, is important from that longevity standpoint. So that was great. Yeah, I think

Speaker 14  1:31:49
the idea that people get sent off to a remote job like that, the only people they they start to connect with other people on their team. The other is that these jobs have gotten so large, and people then also end up, you're the MEP person, you're the enclosure person, and then they get sent to the next job to do that same thing, which is, which is okay, because they become SMEs at some point, but the young folks never really get to learn the business. A lot of us got our opportunity when the company, or the company we were at smaller to learn the entire business, but they end up sort of just learning their technical piece of the job. And if there is a way to connect people with their peers and expose them to more of the business so that they're learning that as they're also doing their technical job. I think people feel that that's important in their career to join because, I mean, we've all seen people that have been maybe they've been a they may be called a senior project manager, but their expertise is in something in particular, and then you say, Here, go run a job. And they've never run a job before. They only run a piece of a project. And I think the big jobs limit that for folks over time. So being able to solve that issue, where people have the opportunity to learn the business, run work in total, not just a piece of it, and have them connected to their peers. Is sort of a secret sauce to making sure people are happy and feel fulfilled in their in

Speaker 2  1:33:26
their career. I think you get that connection. So the example I went through that was up there with the pyramid. So I think you get all three of those. One you get exposure through that training to things you haven't done yet to prepare you for it. It's like, literally, a college course that will give you homework and go home. It's not just meeting people and having fun, like you're you're up to, like, 2am doing Crash Course case studies, and then you can present. So it also, it also weeds people out, like, who are truly the talented that can get up and win hearts and minds in front of people who stands out, moves through that pyramid. And by the way, the people that you're presenting to, or are up there presenting to you are the executives in the company. And then that way, they get that touch point and interaction. And then the last thing to your comment was the peer to peer, you're going to build relationships with people. And I saw it myself. I went through training when I was an engineer in APM, and then before you know, all the people that you went through training with, their their regional leaders of the different parts of the company. Now, you have built relationships because you went through the trial together. And so I think embrace that kind of approach, you're going to get all three at once.

Speaker 10  1:34:31
Anthony, just one thought what I saw in companies I worked before. I think right now, professional development is perceived like a nice to have. I think it needs to be mandatory. My old companies, you couldn't get promoted certain level. If you haven't been to this certain class two days outside, don't get the promotion. Then I think we have signal to everyone, oh, they could take professional development these particular classes very seriously. Then it's almost like a measure of honor. Oh, I went there, and then I got the check mark, and you get the promotion.

Speaker 25  1:35:04
I think this is Jason, to your point, the best thing I ever did was run a $2 million job and do the

Otto Nichols  1:35:17
whole thing myself, who came up on big jobs, and then we're running campuses, right? So I think maybe when we get they get to that transition, they're actually running, you know, something themselves. You know, we form around them and enhance the mentorship team or something to make sure they don't fail people that fail, and it may not be their fault, it's just because they had never run a job.

Mike Pierle  1:35:44
Leaders at the job site need to leave. It's not leading the technical acumen and only the technical technical that is an expectation that the team should be able to drive. I think one of our biggest gaps is leaders. Are not leading. They're not represented. So they're not talking about reporting. They're not creating expectations. How many jobs a year ago? And operations? I'll admit this, I'd ask for an org chart, roles and responsibilities. What are your goals? It was deplorable to actually see the feedback that came out of it. And how many people then started wrestling and go, and then teams come forward and say, hey, you know, we actually did this. We're six months we're 12 months into the job, but we actually put this in place. Man, teams running like a freaking top but speaking to people, teaching people the business of the business, that's what leaders do. And leaders at our job sites think all their job is is to leave the job. Oh no, it's a bit you're the CEO of the business, and I don't think that's necessarily owned and understood, and it's not necessarily reflected in their overall performance and evaluation. So that's why we introduced team leader, to start teaching some skills that people can apply on their job sites with their team, whether it's a small team or if it's a mega tech, it does not matter. You got to bring the skills. You've got to bring the results, conversations, building culture, whether it's safety, the quality culture, the planning culture, the financial axis, all of those are things that leaders have to bring and create presence in the space where it's happening, so they don't get boxed in. It's becoming that MEP manager, what is their purpose? And well, here's some more. I think it's tomorrow, with Amy's team and others, where we're going to start talking about the principles, the of operations, and how we're going to help people across the entire job understand how they're contributing to the financial, the schedule, the quality, safety, risk management injection. So more of that we'll see later on, but we do have to start teaching the business

Speaker 26  1:38:16
so so I think a lot of this as part of the Talent Team with Katie, a lot of everything everybody's saying, we've talked about, right? It's a big nut to crack, so to speak. But I think Anthony got a hit on it. Cabot hit on it. You know, as somebody who's been here almost 20 years, my most impactful, you know, culture setting expectations were working with Tom Sieckhaus, Tony Messina, Steve, Anthony, right? They came to the job and they they were hard on me when they had to be and they were really good to me when they could be right. And it was creating that culture and understanding what was expected of me. And I think to Mike's point, we're losing that a little bit. We get into maybe just these technical like, output box checking type things, but we're not, you know, if everybody in this room goes and really shows interest in these teams, I think that's where these people, like, are craving that acknowledgement that that, Hey, be hard on me if I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be. But hey, give me some credit if I am right and and, you know, you go, take these to bricks, point, right? You go take these teams out. You know, you might need to be hard on them a little bit, but then you take them out to dinner, and it's just, it's a, it's a whole different mindset the next day, right? It's just, I think that's the culture of Clayco. I mean, that's what's kept me here, right? Is, is having people who were hard on me when they needed to be setting high expectations and then watching us deliver and execute on that. I mean, that's not something that everybody in this industry does, as Bob said, right? So I think, I think these are all really good, and it's good to see the people, to Anthony's point, the people are our business. And I think sometimes we lose that, we forget that we forget. As managers, we're not just here to execute check a box and make sure that that we made the profit we need to really focus on the health of our people, out on our jobs, because when they're happier, more engaged and understand what they're supposed to be doing, like it's going to be a completely different project.

Speaker 23  1:40:12
Great. I think some of the things I've seen work well for young talent and other organizations as a Young Professionals Network, where you're bringing people in, right out of school, they feel like they have, you know, comrades through the battle, if you will, and they're growing together. So I think that works. I think also management rotation tracks, so once we identify through succession planning, who our next leaders are going to be, giving them some exposure to the different parts of the business.

Ryan Hankins  1:40:42
I think that's one, one good thing is the out of school thing I've seen that be super successful. You're able to mold them. Takes about five years to get them to be, you know, molded the way that you want them to actually perform. But that five year mark is really when, if you're, you know, bringing all the other people in, it will help offset some of the attrition you have, and more of a long term asset versus more of a short term asset. That that 2020, people I saw up there, I think that number could be double or triple for the investment side, if you're investing in plus, I'm not saying they're cheap, but you know, there is a different mindset as far as hunger for wanting to grow in their career versus necessarily monetary.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:27
Well, I can tell you, when I

Unknown Speaker  1:41:29
reach out and talk to somebody similar role

Speaker 17  1:41:31
like, Hey, by the way, I'm on this leadership track. I'm invested in this. I'm going to continue. I'll see where it goes, and if company delivers like they expect, we work this out, I'm not going anywhere. So that happens all the time. Perfect.

Anthony Johnson  1:41:55
Yeah, tomorrow, we'll double back at the very end, we'll kind of double back on some.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai