Speaker 1  00:00
Those options with Clayco Nick myself and the rest of the team in that breakout session with Jesse Hughes is gonna allow us to make those decisions. Once we have those decisions, Theresa has her design criteria, yep, and then a day or two after, sorry, you need?

Speaker 2  00:21
Well, yeah, we'll definitely need some time after that, just to make sure that

Speaker 1  00:30
couple days so maybe later in the week, or early next week, we set up this breakout session.

Speaker 2  00:36
Yes, yeah, that would be that I'll need to look at Marc schedule, because I would really like to get him involved in that, if at all possible. Sure, we will meet until end of next week. I think, Well, I think, yeah, I'll look at his schedule and get back to you. But yeah, sometime next week should, will definitely be feasible to me to really kind of nail that

Speaker 1  00:57
down on the structure side. Okay, and then Rebecca, you're okay putting those goals on the calendar. I'm happy to do

Unknown Speaker  01:04
as well. So sorry, I just joked on my own live.

Speaker 2  01:09
Yes, I'm gonna put one on the calendar right now for life safety, and I have already added one for the interiors conversation, and I'll coordinate with you to get a time that works from our schedule. Yeah, I'm gonna start Yes, yes.

Speaker 1  01:25
So then this, this really quick, the structural breakout meeting that we have, either towards end of next week or early the following week will come with a list of basically come with a draft mail order list, and Theresa, your team will be able to identify which ones we may or may not be able to revisit as far as Resi goes, or will that be part of is it more of a review? So I

Speaker 2  01:46
think we're not looking at the sizes really anymore, because we're going to get this quickly. We'll be okay with that. What we will come to that meeting will have already sent out is a list of all of this, the decisions that affect that design criteria that we need to make sure we've made as a team on that, so that then we can go through that. And I do want to talk through, though, any concerns that Clark has, just to make sure that we're good there, so that by the end of that meeting, we can walk in and say, okay, given all of this, we're going to now move forward. And here's the day we can get you those mill order sets by surely,

Speaker 1  02:21
and we're just hyper focused right now on the R and D mail order.

Speaker 2  02:25
So I think it's R and D and the office and the office the cub might come a little bit later. I will still have, I'd still like to have that list of the the pieces of information we need. We need answers on for the crowd too, because that's not going to lag very much, I think, to still meet everything that we need to, but we don't have to be as hyper focused on that. It'll be kind of the R and D and the office

Unknown Speaker  02:50
spaces that we need to gotcha so we're

Speaker 1  02:53
basically just online there because schedule is paramount. We're going to forfeit the doing any kind of redesign, because we've just got to get these

Speaker 2  03:04
sizes locked in well, and I would say that as TT goes through everything, we're going to take this design criteria and do whatever we can to, you know, tweak and make sure that we don't, we're not, we are online, whatever, don't have extra capacity, that sort of thing. So we will be doing any sort of redesign that we need in that regard, just not a whole huge line. Yeah, we're gonna, we're gonna make that as as efficient as possible. We definitely don't want inefficiency in the structure where it's not necessary. So we will be looking at that just to make sure we're good as well. So I'm setting up a meeting for the mill work order breakout, for the life safety conversation about how we're and then for the interior, square foot cost alignment.

Ryan Hankins  03:54
And what we'll come to that meeting with is what we suggest like, because after the mill order. That's like phase one. Then there's like, when we need like connections and detailing done. Well, we'll let you know what that timeline looks like in order to make sure we're not held up from a fabrication standpoint.

Speaker 2  04:12
Sounds good. That should be. That should be, and again, I think that we're actually in a pretty okay spot. So I think that we should be able to then, as long as you've got that extra time to get those connections together, I don't think that should be.

Speaker 3  04:22
Don't think that should be a problem. Okay. Might be valuable to have echo at that meeting too, so that any of the outstanding structure, or at least flipping through TTS assumptions through echo or confirm that confirm,

Unknown Speaker  04:48
oh, God, just as some of the loading assumptions

Speaker 3  04:50
Yes, because Frank yesterday was telling us that, like that tank size changed, and they made some assumptions on the

Unknown Speaker  05:00
And that he wanted to have. He wanted to have understanding,

Speaker 3  05:06
because they are conservative at this point, as long as their conservative talks are good, we can move forward. We don't want it

Speaker 2  05:14
increasing later on. That was that's a fourth floor around supportive things that could be a separate meeting. Okay? I do agree, because that that impacts the foundation. It could be a separate meeting, though. I want this one to be focused on focus on steel, but yes, that's also important. I don't know.

Speaker 1  05:34
Yeah, I think echo would be beneficial to have her for those floor loading. Yeah, confirmation. But as far as steel

Speaker 3  05:42
assumptions, yeah, the other one was the, I think, crane and there was a clearance DNA ensure that we're aligned,

Ryan Hankins  05:56
yeah, with Conor. Is that what it was? Yeah, we have a meeting next week, I think, with Conor, to talk about that. But there, there may be something needed to be designed in. I don't know how the steel has been designed already, but there may be something needed to be designed in the structure to account for that crane going in. I think Mark had a plan, yeah, yeah.

Conor Tighe  06:19
And I know this issue like, how are we creating? Issue of like, how are we creating the lids? I feel like that

Unknown Speaker  06:32
can be parts and that can be bought package, just for the chases. Does that make sense?

Ryan Hankins  06:36
Ryan, for what the chase is for the lids. Yeah, totally, yeah. We'll buy that. Yeah, buy that later.

Unknown Speaker  06:50
Yeah. So when we go to the mill, like, let's just

Speaker 2  06:52
make sure to gray out that. I think that that's a little bit of the just like, if y'all could bring exactly what you want included

Ryan Hankins  07:00
in I think, I mean, it's just the structure, yeah, super structure, yeah,

Speaker 2  07:04
so, but we should just be crystal clear with what, what is included there. Because, yeah, that part, you're right, that part by people, fair,

Unknown Speaker  07:14
fair, we don't want them to

Ryan Hankins  07:16
actually mean like, like mezzanine, like mezzanine Exactly.

Unknown Speaker  07:22
That's where, like, if we could just have,

Ryan Hankins  07:24
like, we'd love the mezzanine. But like, if you can't, like, it's not the end of the world, yeah, we

Speaker 2  07:29
should, we should have, we should have that. Like, must have, nice to have. And then, like, let's just not even that would

Unknown Speaker  07:36
be, that would be fantastic if we

Unknown Speaker  07:38
can come to that would be, that would be fantastic, if we can come to that meeting.

Speaker 2  08:00
Cool, okay, again, that would there is it embedded elements to attach the tanks would need to be part of the foundations. So, yes, but not for the steel discussion. Are you talking about necessary for concrete operators? That stuff. It's necessary for operations. Yeah, that sort of stuff is generally not part of a big bill order, because we're talking about, I mean, yes, they're not going to be tiny, but they're not move

Speaker 1  08:36
this along about 25 minutes. I think we've got our marching orders, good understanding of how we're going to get to this mill order. All right, moving up to slab on grade. So floor flatness, floor levelness for slab on grade, unless we can only identify pathways with this stricter requirement instead of cross the floor, which I don't think we could do. So the tank requirements are driving that. I may just exclude this. Looking at Jeremy, we're going to go ahead and exclude that. Moving on, consider the use, if you like. So this is something Marty going on. Do you need anything from the design team? Or we have a

Ryan Hankins  09:20
just approval that it's okay to use that. I mean, we were just thinking, just the flat work like, you know, shorter slab areas within the cub and the admin lab building. But if we get approval on that, then, yeah, we're good to go.

Speaker 2  09:37
Yeah. I think the only thing that we had thought, you know, if there are any issues, is the grounding, the grounding steel that's required in there, if that would have any impact on the use of those but otherwise, yes, from a structural perspective, we think that's great, and are happy to go there. But we will, I believe what I understand is that there is a, not a small reinforcing that's required for grounding in those slides we we

Ryan Hankins  10:03
weren't proposing for it in the R and D space, sorry I missed, I think it's, it's small. Mean, it's, it's a savings. But, like, you're not going to say that much in regards to the, yeah, okay, that

Unknown Speaker  10:19
structurally, we're happy and want to move forward

Speaker 1  10:22
with that. Would we eliminate all of this? Is there any kind of coordination needed? So would we eliminate all of the remarks?

Speaker 2  10:29
Let us why don't we get you a drawing just to make sure that we're on the same page? Because, yeah, like, we're not going to be eliminating all the reinforcing in that foundation, say, and there will need to be dowels between slabs and foundations. So let's just be super clear about what we're what we're eliminating. We can get you a sketch. Think we're all on the same page. That is reinforcing in the slabs, in the ply work, but we can get you something quickly there, just to make it clear,

Speaker 1  10:55
Theresa, we're looking at a sketch for the admin lab space, yes, and for the central utility building, yeah, yeah, okay, great. Prioritizing the first item we were looking at, this comes, this comes second will actually no good conversation, because our foundation package is coming up on the 11, so we need to make a decision on this relatively soon. Correct? Yeah, true. So when would

Speaker 2  11:31
this sketch by very early next week? I'd say Monday or Tuesday.

Speaker 1  11:36
Okay, so we'll say Tuesday you guys are in contact with helix, whichever shakes out.

Speaker 1  11:51
Okay, so, and then you guys can get pricing. You're given everything you need on 14th, you can get pricing over to us by

Ryan Hankins  12:02
give us, let's say the 24th right now, but then we'll, we'll, I think we have another conversation happening later on, after our decision to get

Unknown Speaker  12:22
good. Sounds good. And then we can make a decision same day. And should be fairly easy for you.

Ryan Hankins  12:28
That works. I think the way we look at this is like, once we understand all the things we have to price, we're going to prioritize them from our side and look at, what can we deliver early, what can we deliver middle? And then what do we need, really, till the 24th Yeah. So we'll, we'll go through that at the end, once we understand the total, just the framework,

Speaker 1  12:45
we all have access to this document. So my suggestion is, if there's going to be a significant change or push based on priorities, go ahead. Get in there. Edit it. You can comment. I would just highlight it yellow, so folks understand something has changed that'll give us an opportunity to just know what's been changing. Moving on to number 13, Ryan,

Ryan Hankins  13:10
yeah, this was just with the geo peers being implemented everywhere. We're just wondering if that was going to help with the 15 by 15 in the admin.

Speaker 2  13:18
Yeah. So what we were talking about there is that that would, if we were to add the geo Pierce in that area, it would increase the bearing pressures that we could use for those foundations. But it would like it would increase the double the bearing pressure, so reduce down sizes by about half. So that could be relatively, relatively significant there. So again, we could get you a sketch on that as to what we think that production could be. But, yeah, that's absolutely I wouldn't be the Slava grade would be the foundations. Yeah, sorry, that's ready. Yeah. I

Speaker 2  14:06
this would just be in the admin admin area because we didn't have the geo fears there previously.

Speaker 2  14:19
Again, I'm assuming this is again, this is going into the 511 foundation set. So I think if we can look at time frame similar to, you know, we need that sooner rather than later, so that I don't know what y'all, can get us pricing on that so that we can make the decision.

Ryan Hankins  14:36
But on the foundations, on the foundations, yeah, think we're ready to sort of show what the difference

Ryan Hankins  14:50
is. Yeah, yeah. Like we're doing just the

Speaker 2  14:55
difference in what does it reduce down the foundation. So let me say that for that one, I can get you a sketch by the end of next week. Would that be acceptable?

Unknown Speaker  15:10
Ryan, would you guys, who's pricing out the additional cost

Ryan Hankins  15:13
for geo peers? We've already included it. Okay, yeah, we've already included the geo peer cost.

Speaker 2  15:18
Okay, yeah, okay, gotcha. And if I can expedite that sketch, I'll try. I just want to make sure that we get that right.

Ryan Hankins  15:26
Yeah, we're, we're, we want you guys to focus on steel too distract you guys too much. And Frank, taking vacation, we'll be able to assess you. Pricing from

Speaker 1  15:56
Clayco the following Friday, you know, if we get it within the work day, I think Nick and I can make that decision pretty quickly. If we were to make that decision on the 24th or latest, probably send an email out on the 25th no later than 27 that's enough time for you guys to get that into the

Ryan Hankins  16:18
foundation package. Just, to be clear, I think this is an easy thing. We're gonna say, Let's do, yeah. Like, I don't think like, we're, we're gonna price it, but like, Yeah, let's, let's move forward with it.

Speaker 2  16:30
Exactly, yeah. All right, yeah, no, we can. We can definitely, I definitely think that that's not, it's not a huge lift on our side, to be completely frank. So that's fine,

Speaker 1  16:47
yeah, exactly. Moving on to 16, revise steel section, okay, we already talked about that. We've got an action plan, and that is it. The other Oh, never mind. We've got one more substitute, welded black steel, pipe and fittings with HDPE. Pipe and fittings. HDPE does not need a hot work permit. Pipe is much lighter, will reduce some of the kickers and some of the support steel. Yes, maybe mechanical

Conor Tighe  17:26
and structural impacts. Does this? Does this? We sort of had a discussion yesterday about utilizing process water for just HVAC versus utilizing process water for process like I find that whether we can go to HDP sort of depends on whether we're just serving HVAC systems. It's probably an option there, but it's plugging into the process side. It becomes an impurity issue. So I will say that that decision is held up by

Speaker 4  18:10
the potential decision tree at 11. Maybe we can,

Speaker 1  18:16
okay, we'll make that decision very mechanical, the process scope and the material spec for the that is going to occur in machine install. So we'll have a header, but any of them, the machine installed piping is going to be a spec likely you get from strong but at the facility side, I think we need to make a determination there's going to be heat exchanger in between process and facility equipment. So I think we'll be able to separate it out definitely on the HVAC. So maybe there's a filtration

Speaker 5  18:54
system, exchanger. I've seen that. Stranger. I've seen that before.

Speaker 1  19:05
What we may want to do is just take a look at the mechanical P and IDs or the just the piping diagrams, and we can actually define which sections and if it all looks great. But if we need to spend some more time specking out another

Conor Tighe  19:22
like you don't have to. I also view this as not a decision for today. It's because you can refine the material selection as those pm IDs are developed. It does impact what you can have structure. But I feel like the fact that fit out has a lot of other stuff going on. HDPE versus black carbon steel is really your biggest issue.

Speaker 2  19:52
And I'll, and I'll, and I'll say, for like, the design of the major structural element, yeah, I think that we don't want to. We're not kind of getting to that, like, really, really, really granular location. So I don't think that right now this is, I think it's a bigger deal for the pipe itself not going to structure. So, like,

Speaker 1  20:15
okay, so we'll save it for a mechanical discussion this afternoon. Yeah, actually, maybe, I think the Catholic Street,

Unknown Speaker  20:27
that was infrastructure. I'm just sending

Speaker 6  20:34
these major stations, if they don't work for anything, you let me know, and I'll try to find another spot. But there's limited spots available.

Speaker 1  20:42
So I know mechanical is not hopping on until 11. We can take

Unknown Speaker  20:50
our team. Our team will be on at 11. No, Ryan is on, okay.

Speaker 1  20:59
Ryan is our guy. Yeah, okay, move on. So we're good, moving on from structural, moving on to mechanical. So

Speaker 1  21:20
we'll start off with the big ticket items. We'll wait for Astrid to hop on. She's just on yet. I'm actually going to use

Unknown Speaker  21:37
a restaurant really quick. Sorry, guys, I force you to take a break. Okay, good. Ben

Speaker 5  22:33
Hey guys, we'll start back up in just a few minutes. Cory taking a quick break.

Speaker 4  22:41
Yeah. Thanks for joining Astrid and Jason. We're just taking a quick restroom break, but we'll be starting morning.

Speaker 7  22:59
Everyone. Yeah, morning, yeah, we need you to take out $15 million out of your insurance the loading

Speaker 7  23:22
of the Yeah, just just live with 95 degrees and doors and 40 degrees during the Winter. It's

Unknown Speaker  23:44
it. Sorry,

Unknown Speaker  24:00
it's a little L it's a little L I see, okay, they're supposed to clean the bowls because They did it for you. Oh, boy. Twice

Speaker 6  24:35
more you systems.

Speaker 1  24:56
And it's more so you'll have, should we get started? Yep, okay, so similar strategy. Hey, Astro, thanks for joining. We've got Ryan with Clayco on the call. So Ryan is the mechanical sweep. What we'll do is we'll just, we're going to focus on the heavy hitters first as Rick and Ryan, we'll discuss those, and then we'll get into some of the wider impact topics. The main one we've been discussing recently is whether or not we should change up the HVAC strategy, decentralizing, go back to the rt use, so it could either be electric or glass RT use, but there was savings of around eight, 7, $8 million yeah.

Ryan Hankins  25:41
I mean anywhere from, mean, anywhere in the seven to $10 million range. And just to give like, an idea of kind of, like, where the cost really is, I mean, there's roughly just round numbers, $10 million in equipment, just on the HVAC side, there's another couple million dollars in in like the hydronic equipment, and then there's 17,000 linear feet of pipe, which is driving a lot of the cost as well as everyone knows the markets busy. You know, from a labor standpoint, there's like 70,000 man hours of maintenance. It's just it's a lot of work. And so the more that we can reduce the pipe, the more that we can reduce some of the equipment cost overall. And we've given a couple options in terms of, you know, not making it custom equipment, making it more off the shelf equipment, the more we reduce the requirements like that, the lower the cost is going to go. And so while we when we put that one in here, that doesn't necessarily mean we have to take all of that or some of it. It's kind of a sliding bar, even if we go with the admin building and we say, hey, let's not hook that up to the hydronic system, and let's just make that exactly so like you guys are kind of seeing where I'm going, but you know, we're open to ideas and how we get there, but we just wanted to show you guys kind of where that pipe or that cost was, yeah,

Speaker 8  27:15
so that initial figure that you provide for the cost of the equipment is that inclusive of the hydronic equipment as well, or is that just the air

Ryan Hankins  27:25
handle units? Just the air handle units and Ryan, please correct me, or jump in. The

Unknown Speaker  27:36
initial number is inclusive of exemplified equipment

Speaker 8  27:42
you Okay, yeah, so I think the nuance here, I think that they're given the latest information that we have from subscription originally. I think the design did include packaged units, and then at some point we moved over to chilled water because it seemed like there was enough Pacific fusion equipment that required water cooling that we would end up with some kind of central plant. And then our logic at that point was, if we're already needing to run piping across the facility to pick up the load from this equipment at that point, seemed like a minor amount of additional piping to then route to the air hung unit. So that was the original logic behind that move that said, since that decision was made, we have been informed that a lot of the equipment that we previously thought would be water cooled, mainly a lot of the servers across the facility that has since changed to air cooled. So we have a lot less water cooled equipment that we're accounting for at this time, I review the latest loads that we have this morning, and it looks like we have about 300 tons of Pacific fusion equipment that requires water cooling. So off the bat, if we, you know, took our central plant and reduced it to only serve that equipment, I think you would see significant savings on just from eliminating your source heat fund modules that said, I don't think that that plant doesn't go away entirely. So that initial figure of you know, seven and $10 million reduction. I don't know if that was assuming that that the central plant goes away entirely, which is not possible, just given the water cooling requirements for Pacific future equipment. So I think that, to your point earlier, it's maybe a sliding scale. I think that we could cut a lot of costs by going that way and just switching the airline units to packaged units that said the office space really wants to have perimeter heating capability that's independent of like the zones that are serving the central conference rooms. So like to me, it doesn't make sense to switch that unit to the to provide to the package unit that provides centralized heating, because you're going to have zones that are going to want to be in cooling and heating at different times. And so I think what we would recommend is we know that we're going to have a plant of a certain size, we could install that. We know that that load is getting pretty consistent, right? So to us, it makes sense to make those air source, heat pumps, simultaneous units that are also providing heating that would be very effective for the heating, and then we could use use that hot water to serve the offices. Right now we have the 83 heats and the offices to provide heating to the different zones. And I think that that strategy makes more sense than than doing central heating for the unit, for that space, for the for the remainder of the facilities. For the most part, we have dedicated units serving single zones. There's 10 sections for that, but that's the unit that that has the most zones that are that are going to be experiencing different loads on the same time. Just my initial feedback,

Speaker 4  31:50
pasturd, we've got just the length of piping to go from the plant to the admin area is really driving the costs high. Is there a solution? Is there a solution where we could keep HVAC roof top and local and still deal with the simultaneous heating and cooling?

Speaker 8  32:14
Yeah, I think the alternative would be to instead of having one large unit serving that entire space, which is what we have right now. I think you would want to break out your printer zones to have their to be served by independent units that can be impeding. So I think it would be adding more smaller units. Maybe we have one on the north side and one on the west side. I'm going to go

Speaker 4  32:41
old school and do something I haven't said in a long, long time. Will our energy code in Albuquerque let us do electric heaters, electric heat in the VAV? Can we do

Speaker 8  33:00
electric then? Okay, not recommend electric heating for this climate, because it's like serious winter climate with with that 19

Speaker 4  33:11
That's true. That's that may be a good thing. That may be another state solution. Okay, all right. I So the other option is just a separate RTU for the perimeter.

Speaker 8  33:31
Yeah, at least two, one for each facade.

Unknown Speaker  33:35
Okay, so we compare that against the cost of typing from central plant,

Unknown Speaker  33:44
the run to the north, you know,

Unknown Speaker  33:46
plan east. Are we talking about heating water, typing or heating?

Speaker 8  33:55
Yeah. Wayne, I thank you for joining. If you I don't know if you got the interaction. It seems like the piping, like piping, is driving some of the costs. And so, yeah, it's

Ryan Hankins  34:07
about a third of the 30 odd million is equipment, and two thirds of it appears to be like setting and the labor onsite in the piping installation.

Speaker 5  34:19
So it's effectively just bring the art to use closer to where they serve.

Ryan Hankins  34:28
Somebody also mentioned at one point that there was a secondary loop we talked about potentially deleting that to save on piping material.

Speaker 8  34:39
Yeah, that's listed as a separate item here. Again, initially we were anticipating a lot more water cooler equipment, seeing like some of that equipment could tolerate warmer water temperatures. And so we had a separate we have right now the design a separate condenser water loop, effectively, that goes to a fluid cooler. At this point, the loads have reduced enough that it can make sense to consolidate all of that water cooled equipment onto a single system. So long as specific fusion equipment is happy to receive the lower tilt water temperature, we could always add, you know, circulators. If we need certain we need to blend up to a certain temperature for doing a piece of equipment. That's a little bit of an unknown, because we haven't had the opportunity to be and coordinate directly with the manufacturers. But I feel like that should be possible, in which case that eliminates, yeah, food coolers. We're actually pumps the water treatment. Well, we're talking about that

Speaker 1  35:46
internally on Friday, whether or not we need that fluid core. It sounds like there are other options. So we should be able to give you that direction early next week, after we have our conversation Friday.

Speaker 8  36:02
Okay? Yeah, I think that that feels like a new brain area would simplify the system significantly. It eliminates some capacity water treatment of an open loop, so that 300 ton that I gave prior that estimate of remaining specific fusion equipment that requires process water that's inclusive of the load that's on, that 300 would be total on the children.

Ryan Hankins  36:30
So what I'm, what I'm kind of hearing, and it's it's going in a good direction, is that, like if we remove the custom the custom specs on the equipment, if if we remove the fluid coolers, if we, and I'm just making broad brush strokes here, if we're reducing some of the air source heat pumps, if we are eliminating, like, a second loop, and if we're decoupling, like the admin space units, I think we're saving quite A bit of money there. I think that's a good option to go run down, as long as everybody's on board with that.

Speaker 8  37:08
So the other thing, just similarly on topic that we're considering is, at the moment, we have, like, a primary secondary loop, and the primary loop has glycol. We did that in order to enable us to distribute water to the air pound units, but it probably makes sense to just make that single glycol loop at this point, especially again, so long as fusion equipment is happy with that, I think that's the one PHL qualifier that eliminates such pops.

Speaker 1  37:54
Yes, that's something you won't internalize on Friday. That's right. I think fluid cooler side. Revisiting the design for the HVAC strategy, I think we have a clear understanding of really there's, there's one option there is we keep a central plan equipment to serve tons ASRS. Do you think we can provide maybe a sketch to the Clayco team that shows the new strategy?

Ryan Hankins  38:28
Or, like, like, if you take, like the piping drawing, like putting some X's on some things, and maybe, if you, like, take the central plant, put some X's on some things, and then, like, putting even like a circle around which equipment is being decoupled, potentially, that would be enough for us to at least go conceptually, go get some updated pricing.

Speaker 8  38:51
Yeah, I could mark up the Ryor diagram, probably most easily, and then maybe take the floor plan and show liquid go away.

Ryan Hankins  39:05
We would also like, because it sounds like there's still some concerns on the heating, like getting, like a concept doesn't have to be anything detailed, but getting a concept on the heating approach for the for the admin building would be helpful as well. So we can just go make sure we factor that into the ad cost, yeah, and

Speaker 1  39:22
we're, we're all lying on the fact that these are to use gas, RTOS, not electric, RTS. The heating load on them needs to be natural

Speaker 8  39:38
gas. I think that's an energy code question. I from what I knew about New Mexico, I think that they still are referring to 2018 ICC, which is a little bit more class. So I feel like it should be possible. I mean, I think another question is like, what is the energy code compliance pathway for this building is the goal to be able to apply prescriptively or through performance.

Speaker 6  40:10
Just throw it out there. It's probably an unpopular opinion. I'll just throw it because I it's in my head. But you're coming up with a sustainable energy source, and yet you're using natural gas. It just feels values wise and is alive to me, maybe not like the right choice, but you brought that up. I think this is something we want to study.

Speaker 9  40:33
It a little bit, spend a little bit of time looking at because we could going rooftop units, they could be heat pumps with supplemental electric resistance heat so we don't necessarily, don't necessarily have to go gas.

Conor Tighe  40:48
I will, I will tell you that we've run this analysis with green energy companies, and we always end back up to the gas power. I'm just no power. I understand that there's a understand that there's that there's a real not because, because it's, it's LNG, right, it's more

Unknown Speaker  41:18
domestic supply and Canada, I'm just I'm just saying

Unknown Speaker  41:25
it's both. It's both a CapEx

Conor Tighe  41:27
and op X like it doesn't, it doesn't pencil out from a CapEx perspective, and it doesn't pencil out from an offense perspective. And I have an EV, I only drive AV, so don't take this as a personal statement. I'm just telling you. I've heard this conversation now with two two companies that are energy minded, more green energy minded, and we've always just ended up in the same place, which is a gas powered HVAC. I

Unknown Speaker  42:08
HVAC capital expense, which

Ryan Hankins  42:13
changes. It really depends on how close it is to your building. If it's close, then it's easy. If it's in the street, then it's it's doable. If it's fairly from my from my perspective, it's fairly cheap. But yeah, we'll need Steve to tell us. Mike. BH, Mike bhi or, oh, yeah, the developer, yeah,

Speaker 1  42:45
I think Mike has access, but yes, that that may impact our IAD so we don't have I there's just a risk that we've got to chase down with the IA agreement and entitlements. We didn't anticipate that infrastructure. So that aside, that's something all went down to understand what that does for us. It's already been financially bonded. So I don't know if Steve now needs to go back and then that guarantee it has a ripple effect, but I think it's something we can manage. So the Astro there's kind of two sketches, or maybe it's one sketch, and you guys just kind of verbally understand there would be two types of equipment, one that's

Speaker 7  43:52
electrical and that's natural gas, anything else, as far as natural gas, this is Brian talked about the markup For graded. Also like that markups for the equipment schedule.

Ryan Hankins  44:08
That's fair point. Yeah, so we

Speaker 8  44:11
can certainly do that. I think at some point we should talk about timeline, because we do have something like 18 air housing units, so it's going to take a while to get selections for all of those, and we have the deadline coming

Ryan Hankins  44:32
up. I mean, in like, like, I've been saying, like, we can turn a price around. It's just like with without Lilly, without all the information we need, but it just comes down to how accurate the pricing actually becomes. So I this is something that I think makes sense to get marked up.

Speaker 1  44:55
Yeah, this is probably the biggest ticket item, yeah, to get, I would say 80% of the information Astrid, you know, doesn't have to be fine tune, but just general markups, where you're not spending more than a couple hours, what would be a practical, practical time To get

Speaker 8  45:21
something a new click on? I think that markup can be done relatively quickly. I think that selection there's just a longer lag, but you can probably start to if we send markups. I don't know, let's say in the next week, you could probably start to work with that, while we would find or get selections for the art to use, for example,

Ryan Hankins  45:48
is this something where, like, we can help, like, what's your basis of design, manufacturing? Is this something we can get on a call with, like, you a manufacturer, and like, have like, a three way call with with our people. And just like, you know, let's just make assumptions together and let's mark it up

Speaker 8  46:07
as one. Yeah, I'm sure we can. I mean, the we know our capacities, right? So it's literally just about getting our TV selections

Speaker 1  46:20
and that that's a separate line item, but it folds into this so not necessarily updating the model and selection itself, but providing more of an open performance spec and let you guys kind of do the work to take it out there and shop around. So there's kind of a second part of this asteroid where, instead of marking up that is that schedule, converting it or providing a performance spec that would allow them to shop outside of the pre selected vendors, just

Conor Tighe  46:58
just so we can fully analyze, did we, did we have a gas did we have gas line coming in our estimate? So that's, that's a consideration. I'm just looking at that trying to figure out if where the gas availability would be and what the cost of the line is. The other consideration is, if, if we're moving things on electrical service, does it impact the overall sizing of the service? So there's, there's some puts and takes, I think, and

Speaker 3  47:33
some schedule too, in terms of it looks like it's at the Conor of Turing and gas junction. So there might be a little bit of ways to get there. I sent this drawing to you yesterday from Mike about the site utilities, because getting the gas money to the site, you just need to check what that takes and what the schedule impacts are, and then on Astrid site too. I think what we need to do is make sure that we have an alignment on schedule. If this is a critical item, ordering some of this equipment, that's fair what needs to be done, because we've got a limited window here, and we want to make sure that it's respectful of

Ryan Hankins  48:19
their thing, I would say, and anybody jump in, in the Clayco side. But I would say getting the air source, heat pumps, getting, like any hydronic equipment, is probably the most important. I think we have a little, not, not a lot, but I think we've got a little bit of time on the HVAC units. HVAC, it's really

Speaker 5  48:40
a picture.

Speaker 8  48:42
Yeah, what kind of lead times are you all in right now for the prayer, ARS, horse heat pumps, I'm used to like, you know, 35

Ryan Hankins  48:54
it ranges. Depends who placed an otter that week. I

Unknown Speaker  49:04
That doesn't sound more readily available. I think we can do better than 35 weeks.

Speaker 7  49:14
I think the call is probably the key to getting around on this. We can identify capacity. I think we can work with our contractor pool together, pricing, updated schedule. Can you tell us the performance criteria?

Speaker 8  49:37
Right, right? If we have a list of recommending manufacturers, and you have capacities, you should be able to reach out and get quotes for that. That's

Conor Tighe  49:55
it. Just let's if we're going to do a rough analysis, just make sure to include the if it's significantly reducing electrical maybe there's some benefit there.

Speaker 8  50:12
Okay, so, yeah, maybe there is a benefit to pricing heat pump RT use in parallel in the event that the natural gas line schedule limiter, so

Speaker 1  50:33
as sure you're you're comfortable with kind of the sketch requirements that you need to

Speaker 8  50:41
pass off to the Clayco folks are you? Can you repeat that? For some reason I do

Speaker 1  50:51
Astrid, you're you're clear, and you have a comfortable understanding of this sketch. You need to pass off to Ryan Clayco, yes.

Speaker 8  51:02
And I don't know if I have your contact information yet, but you know, when we send those sketches over, feel free to give us the call if you have any doubts without intent for sizing or recommended manufacturers or anything like that.

Unknown Speaker  51:20
As Rick, we'll get you Ryan's contacted Phil

Unknown Speaker  51:23
Bret and then Erica, and

Speaker 1  51:30
Ryan will do electrical, natural gas. I think we may need to reach out to Mike and just get a he can provide us, probably a quick sketch or a few bullets on what it's going to take to get a natural

Speaker 3  51:46
gas line off and onsite. I said that sketch yesterday. There's a layout proposed in existing lanes.

Ryan Hankins  51:58
Yeah, I'm looking at it right now.

Speaker 3  52:01
So we just need to figure out exactly our property and maybe across the road. I'm not exactly sure which

Unknown Speaker  52:14
one it is.

Unknown Speaker  52:22
There is a proposed lane, and there's some plans out there, Crick. And who puts the bill for that?

Speaker 1  52:29
And how that works out, I'll burn down financial guarantee.

Ryan Hankins  52:35
No doubt it is in the solid is proposed, okay?

Speaker 1  52:39
And then electrical there's a good point brought up around potential electrical distribution reduction, definitely not on the PNM side, but maybe internally, or we would be reducing some feeder sizes if we went to natural gas.

Speaker 4  52:55
Yeah, I was just looking at essentially. Can figure it out? So it depends on how much we can reduce the air source heat pumps. But we have about 1600 amps in air source heat pumps right now, air source, heat pumps, so it's not, we can't. We're not going to remove a service because we're right at the limit of the service size. But some of the equipment sizing will come down. So that's the total that's the total load, the air source, heat pumps, not all we need. We're not gonna so that's how we peak,

Speaker 9  53:57
redistributed to the rt use right same it's the same amount of power to use versus,

Speaker 4  54:07
yeah, the cool thing about the air source heating so we still have the cooling. And I think the cooling might be the driver is, is the cooling the basis of the sizing for the air source heat pumps? It is, yeah, so it's just like Wayne said, it's just kind of redistributed, so we don't have any power that will be removed. This is going to require more power. Admin side. Awesome. There'll be more power brought over to the admin

Ryan Hankins  54:48
side. So this is our site. There's a gas line that is existing, yeah? We'll see what they say, but we should be able to get it, yeah, okay, oh yeah. It's right there at that intersection.

Speaker 4  55:04
Yeah. Actually, typically the power, the power, is going to go up when we go to the rooftop units. Just because those sizes are standard, there's just going to be more of them. So there's going to be a slightly

Unknown Speaker  55:23
increase. Just kind

Ryan Hankins  55:24
of curious. Was that from BJ sketch, or was what?

Speaker 1  55:32
Okay, sounds good. So Astrid time frame, I know you got a lot going on right now, especially with the deadline, but time for him to be able to get a sketch over to the Clayco folks.

Speaker 8  55:52
I would say toward the end of next week, I'm out

Speaker 1  56:00
tomorrow so I can get you guys something on this 417 along

Ryan Hankins  56:04
with the along with the Yeah, performance spec, yeah, well, yeah, we'll dive into that. That'll be the next thing we dive into.

Unknown Speaker  56:10
See what that's going to take perfect Erica you're taking. Erica, your

Unknown Speaker  56:27
team. I know this isn't super urgent, but so I guess in other words, if got to get all the structural coordination

Ryan Hankins  56:41
step done. Yeah, the structure is definitely like the that's the one we need to focus on. But we got, we have a little bit of time on this one, but not, let's not let it linger out exactly, yeah,

Speaker 2  56:54
well, I will say that, you know, making sure that I have the right loads for any rooftop units, etc, play into the structure. It's a, this is the sort of thing where we could just say, here's the worst case for the loads that we need to design the structure for. That's what we're going to go forward with. So that this can, you know, the figuring out which direction so can, you know, take a little bit more time. But I'm just going to note that it does potentially have an impact on the structure too.

Unknown Speaker  57:22
This is probably a significant design change

Unknown Speaker  57:26
for the mechanical infrastructure,

Speaker 3  57:29
so I think we need to play out that schedule just to make sure that we're okay with the timing. We get a decision, yeah, this is a significant redesign. Yeah, significant redesign.

Speaker 2  57:43
So that's that's that for knowing what we're currently moving towards if we're redesigning it, I think that we need to reevaluate, because that doesn't have all, like basically, all of our disciplines, all of our major decisions.

Unknown Speaker  57:55
We need to have an understanding of what

Speaker 1  57:59
that we can talk to that may. I think the bulk of our ve reduction is likely going to come from this one item here. So it'll be an important one.

Speaker 3  58:13
Okay, Courtney, if you get the costing information on the 24 Where do you expect? I'm assuming this would be an easy right away, right?

Speaker 1  58:23
Yeah, I should be able, within the next week to figure out how this impacts the financial guarantee. Again, I think it's anything that impacts entitlements or Steve's work is just gonna be paperwork in the background. It's more of an optics thing. It really opens entitlements. It's something we can manage. So it's just something that we've got to communicate to keep in Mindy the right way, it's going to open things up, and as long as it doesn't impact permitting Bret Brown, it's just capable of background.

Speaker 3  58:50
I'm going to circle back with the team and let you know how much time is going to take to redesign

Speaker 1  58:54
it, so you're considering that as well. Yeah, yeah. Understood, I think, yeah. We'll definitely want to talk to you. Okay, so along the same topic Astrid, paired with this sketch, allowing the Clayco team to be able to take a performance spec and get other vendors involved, there's maybe some wordsmithing or reworking of this spec that we have, is that something that we can tag on to the the 17th date, just update that that specification as well.

Speaker 8  59:34
Wayne, I shoot this one over to you. I'm not sure to what extent we were able to develop a package unit spec prior to switching to water. What was reasonable? Asked that, yeah,

Speaker 1  59:47
I can, I can get that out at the same time. Thank you. Wayne, Okay, moving on. Convert glycol water, chilled water and hot water, primary, secondary loops to glycol only, eliminate systems and eliminate associated

Unknown Speaker  1:00:14
heat exchangers. I'd like to learn a little bit more about this.

Speaker 8  1:00:22
Yeah, this is what I touched on earlier. We have, at the moment, a primary secondary loop, basically, and the primary loop serves the air source heat pumps and the exterior piping that's running to those air source heat pumps. Because we're in New Mexico, we need to think about freeze protection. So that loop is like, like all water mixture to prevent freezing. And what we've done is we have a heat exchanger that separates, like, hydronically, fully separate that loop from the interior choke water loop, which is what's running to all of your equipment, and to all the air limited equipment. So there, there is an option to eliminate that heat exchanger that's separating the two loops, and to make it we would probably still do primary and secondary, because the heat pumps want to be constant flow, or your constant flow, but you could eliminate that heat exchanger and make it part of the same loop, which would which would effectively be that we would be running glycol through the entire loop. So it's a little bit more glycol, but it gets rid of the heat exchangers. The art you use, or the aeronautical units, can easily be designed to accept that water. Just want to double check that all of your equipment is happy to receive the glycol water mixture.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:02
So I think with them, with the HVAC equipment, it's

Speaker 1  1:02:09
with the HVAC equipment that shouldn't be an issue if we just need to, Jeremy, run it run it down. I I don't know what's on the so the chill water requirements for the machine. Do you need a water interface of water to I imagine there's probably going to be additional heat exchangers at the machine install site. So basically, there's a glycol loop heat exchanger and then a water loop providing the chill water to the equipment. And then downstream of that. I don't know what it looks like, right,

Speaker 8  1:02:55
but right there might just be getting re selections for those heat exchangers that factor in a glyco water mixture on the like primary side. It doesn't impact any transfer.

Speaker 1  1:03:06
Yeah, be more efficient. Let's take it and discuss. That sounds like if there's an opportunity there for us.

Speaker 7  1:03:17
To be clear, this is mutually exclusive on line item above,

Speaker 8  1:03:24
no, no, I think it can. It would be an add on. It's like that and and all. It's a modification of Mitchell water loop. No to the process. It's not mutually exclusive with the RTU. So in the event that we moved our to use, we eliminate the chill water piping that goes to the rt use, but we still have chilled water piping running through facility to serve the water cooled kitchen equipment. If it's a reduced amount, significantly reduced amount of piping, that's

Speaker 1  1:04:01
just important insurance. Yeah, but to your point, Ryan, it's somewhat of a moot point right now that we have a different RTU strategy for the facility equipment. We're just focusing on what the Pacific fusion requirements are going to be. We'll discuss on Friday. So asteroid will discuss on Friday, and we'll provide guidance and direction that Tuesday on the 14th.

Speaker 1  1:04:41
Okay, moving on. So those were the big ticket items. Some of these are a little bit smaller of an impact, low six figures, but let's go through them just doing a time check. We've got 30 minutes left, so we're right on track. We're doing really great as far as keeping schedule grouped couplings for accessible piping in lieu of building. Did we have that in our specification?

Speaker 8  1:05:07
I'm not sure what's been priced. I I do think that our specs showed both as acceptable. So I'm not sure there's been prices, base cost, but it did occur to me that most of the piping is running through accessible portions of the building, and so to me, that's a good opportunity to do route. You don't have to worry about leaks in accessible shops or anything like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:41
Yeah, our specification doesn't allow concealed shop locations. This would

Speaker 9  1:05:49
probably be the base case somewhere, the base case anyway. So maybe this ought to be essentially,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:01
yeah, it just depends on what your assumption was.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:04
I would refer to Brian on

Unknown Speaker  1:06:11
that what his base case, Ryan, reckon. Did do we know what we price? I'd have to double check with Tom. Now we covered that. I

Speaker 6  1:06:23
it, we can get back through, yeah, we can find out that quick.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:29
Moving on, here, is there something cheaper than Vitalik

Unknown Speaker  1:06:36
or gold standard? Pretty standard? Yeah,

Speaker 8  1:06:42
you this next one, I'll be honest, I'm not even sure if this is feasible. I think that we need to figure out for the underground piping, what back will meet the loading requirements. And for that, we need to coordinate a bit with with Frank and reach out to a few different manufacturers, because there are direct, varied options. I'm just not sure, based on where the elevation, where this piping would be installed, whether it could withstand

Speaker 1  1:07:26
the looking. So this is, this is an impact or foundation design. This would be an impact to the base case of what we're carrying in the foundation design, correct. And so this is for the middle mile vaults in the basement we have. Conor, yeah, I'm wondering, no,

Speaker 8  1:07:51
you're exactly right. Cory, it's, it's for the exhaust coming from the cavern and from the middle and for the makeup going to those spaces.

Speaker 1  1:07:59
I think for the sake of time, we may want, we may we're probably better suited to focus on other things.

Speaker 4  1:08:07
I agree with that. I think there are too many ideas right

Unknown Speaker  1:08:13
now. Yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  1:08:16
reduce quality of four pipe, air source heat pumps

Speaker 8  1:08:21
and change it to place. This we, I think, would effectively be doing by switching

Unknown Speaker  1:08:29
to RT use, and that will be picked up in the sketches.

Speaker 8  1:08:37
Yeah. So basically, our air source, heat pump plant goes from heat cooling

Unknown Speaker  1:08:45
and heating to only cooling,

Speaker 8  1:08:49
because we're trying to eliminate pipe work, even though the units have the capability of doing both.

Speaker 1  1:08:57
All right, so that's included and the 417 hand off. Keep doing. That's

Speaker 8  1:09:22
right. This next one reducing the quantity of control valves at the air source heat pumps, I think this would be more impactful for the current size of the plant than the reduced size of the plant. But if there's a potential to kind of group base of heat pump modules together without impacting the granularity that you could get on your staging. We can probably still do this. Maybe it depends on how many things we end up with. I think we're gonna end up with two.

Speaker 1  1:10:22
Did we? Do we price every single control valve on the riser diagram or P and IDs? Wondering what needed?

Ryan Hankins  1:10:36
Ryan, you still on?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:39
I am Yes. That's another

Ryan Hankins  1:10:43
common question, because we're marking up the riser. We took a pretty detailed approach on the NDP. Hand off. Sounds good. I

Ryan Hankins  1:11:03
I mean, speaking of which, and sorry, I was looking forward. I was looking forward to electrical the control system. We're just planning on doing, did we already talked about controls? No, we're just planning to do, like a simple control system. We're not planning on doing PLCs or anything

Speaker 9  1:11:28
on the mechanical control so I guess more than you know, it says standard DMS, VDC control system, perfect.

Ryan Hankins  1:11:34
Okay, we don't have a number of points yet, but maybe getting like, a rough estimate of what the points list looks like, would like, would help us with dialing in our controls number. I don't know where it stands, comparative to where you guys are thinking, but this is more of like the estimate alignment. That'd be helpful. If we could have a follow up on that

Speaker 4  1:12:01
Wayne is there? Can we give him a range of quantity of control points? Or is that because I know we're not at the point where we've

Ryan Hankins  1:12:11
got that level? No, it doesn't need to be, like, dialed in, but just like, like, where we're agreeing that the budget needs to stand, I think would be helpful. We can do a

Unknown Speaker  1:12:21
unit rate for control.

Speaker 9  1:12:22
Yeah, yeah. I think let's look at it with this VP, because a lot of things are changing between what's being proposed here. So seems like we're headed that direction. So posted on that we can provide it at points list estimate, or, yeah, points list summary, do that for next day.

Speaker 4  1:12:50
And or if you had assumed a number of points, you can share that with us, and we can say whether you're in the ballpark within a 10% or whether we're thinking two different things,

Ryan Hankins  1:13:04
it feels like more and more nowadays. I feel like I can't add enough points to the control side. Just everything's getting smarter.

Speaker 1  1:13:14
Yeah. I mean, it's something we can always retrofit in later. That's fair. So I imagine, as we start to tweak things, we more find out that we need more controllability over certain aspects of the facility. Not to put it on you, Jeremy, but that's something that's easily retrofitted in the future, starting off with kind of base package, relatively but I mean,

Conor Tighe  1:13:43
usually the process, like the patrol will be at the mouth, at the actual piece of equipment You're fit at scope. So

Speaker 5  1:13:57
it's not something we can so it's not something we can phrase we

Speaker 4  1:14:13
but I think maybe getting Clayco and Mars plus and Jeremy just from the facility controls. The controls have just be

Speaker 5  1:14:34
it's easy for him, yeah, you may want to do you may want to describe some angers for us, just because it's a little bit easier to try to find some of that is firework patching

Ryan Hankins  1:14:53
is brutal. It sucks. You're never gonna Yeah, so you may want to prescribe

Speaker 5  1:14:59
some pathways for us to, like, move us to like, otherwise, you're going to

Unknown Speaker  1:15:18
have a lot of fun. Then our last there's cheap for us to put

Ryan Hankins  1:15:21
in the Yeah. There's really no other way to say it, except for that it sucks. It just does this. So

Unknown Speaker  1:15:32
the last one ASRS, before you have done just substituting any black welded steel pipe.

Speaker 1  1:15:42
Not sure where we have that with a HD PE, which would be a cheaper material. And then some of the structural support braces, 50 letters. Well, that better.

Speaker 8  1:16:02
Better be we have black dill, I assume that that's for larger piping wells it, which we don't typically do, HDP, HDP for large diameter piping and now, Wayne, do you have thoughts on that one? Yeah, I've never

Unknown Speaker  1:16:25
used it. There are limitations on we can code in the code. Yeah, maybe we'd look at this on the Q and QC level too, just knowing their service

Unknown Speaker  1:16:42
systems. Definitely

Speaker 4  1:16:46
don't want to move to have you guys used, have you used this in an industrial building before?

Ryan Hankins  1:16:50
No, this. I think I don't know who came up with this one. I don't think this was us just talking

Speaker 7  1:16:58
with Brian. If I could interject, we do use ATP on some of our data center projects. We have a large national piping supplier in house a couple weeks ago, and while typically, this would be a traditional ed for saving the current conflict has spiked these prices. They're looking at 3530 to 35% since that conflict has started, split mining equal to and on the size more

Unknown Speaker  1:17:34
than black. We got enough fish and scratch. We used

Unknown Speaker  1:17:47
it underground, yeah, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:00
it's where we are, okay, Wayne or Astrid, anything else

Ryan Hankins  1:18:16
we covered. Yeah, yep, yeah. In closing, I think if we cut, like the 17,000 feet of pipe, if we were able to cut that by 35 40% we were able to cut some of the equipment we were talking about. We were able to remove, you know, make the admin, kind of like its own thing. I think we're seeing a good chunk of savings there that I think we're all going to be happy. I think I think that's a $4 sign.

Speaker 4  1:19:02
Way and Asperger, you're doing all of our jobs.

Speaker 4  1:19:11
Are we in alignment on the RTU manufacturers that we want to go with? Do we have a list of three or four that Myers plus and Clayco

Unknown Speaker  1:19:27
agreement, the ones we'd be talking to will be taken is perfect training.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:33
JCI, yeah, you might also want to just look at the service that

Speaker 9  1:19:48
that those companies do, ongoing service. That's a good comment. Yeah, we don't use train. They're all the West Coast just because their their service is really or from a professional services point of view, and helping us get selections and things like that. So just given up on them. But they may be a preferred choice locally service point of view. But will, you know, they will be equivalent to it like and so we'll

Speaker 7  1:20:19
have a list of multi Ryan, Brian, I was

Speaker 4  1:20:26
gonna say, Brian, you might be able to lean on them a little harder than we can, so we can work together on Yes, we would leverage our determined group

Speaker 7  1:20:37
with that. That should not be a problem. I know we've been around some dates as far as getting sketches and on this criteria, etc, offline call between Keiko and as grid alignment,

Speaker 8  1:20:56
why don't we do it after the 17th so you have a chance to review the markup so that We can walk through them if you have any questions. And then we can get something on the books if you want to do a call with a with a manufacturer. We can schedule that after that point. Astrid, are you going to schedule that?

Speaker 4  1:21:18
Sorry. Rebecca's been sending out meeting invites like she's passing out Halloween candy.

Speaker 8  1:21:27
You can go ahead and schedule that, maybe for the if we're a shoeing Marcus on the 17th. I mean, Ryan, I just want to make sure you have a chance to look at it. I don't know how much time you had date days are there? Yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  1:21:44
fine, yeah, maybe we plan to do like first, yeah, we're forwarding it to whoever.

Ryan Hankins  1:21:53
Yeah, everybody needs to have at least five invites coming out of this mechanical just blown

Unknown Speaker  1:22:06
up the mechanical breakout mechanical review and brand it however you like. So

Speaker 1  1:22:18
just looking at, you know, after lunch, we're right on track. I schedule 45 minutes for plumbing, but we only have maybe one two items that looks like 15 minutes.

Ryan Hankins  1:22:29
Yeah, we just mean, since we have everybody hit him right now,

Speaker 4  1:22:34
yeah, because Jason's on Yeah, and then we can put Cory well ahead of

Speaker 1  1:22:41
schedule, that would be great. Everybody. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:22:53
so just starting off, very similar to mechanical.

Speaker 4  1:23:02
It's just Jason? I don't think Jason's on

Speaker 1  1:23:10
so anything that we can do from a material spec standpoint, for for plumbing, yeah, process, water piping, that could improve the needle, yeah, it's got. Question for Jason and Ryan.

Speaker 4  1:23:29
Jason, do we have any specifics on where we could or Ryan, are there any any areas that we want to target?

Ryan Hankins  1:23:41
So I mean, in the grand scheme of things, just before we answer that, we have roughly about two and a half million dollars plumbing costs. So like, in the grand scheme of things, like, we're going to save some money, but material changes aren't going to, like, move the needle. There's, there's still money to save, but it just, it's smaller, it's small potatoes. So the grand scheme for the

Unknown Speaker  1:24:07
restrooms or domestic

Speaker 7  1:24:11
waters that I think it go to press videos, but kind of similar to mechanical we wouldn't want to kind of tuck that away somewhere where it's not accessible. So that's something we're kind of comfortable speaking for waste piping. I spoke with Ethan, and he said that he's okay with PVC, probably for the admin area, but that's mostly what I could think of. Maybe we could button up the plumbing fixture specifications, but I'm not sure how much we actually the

Speaker 1  1:24:41
same, okay, maybe Jason just a few bullets, and this is not a huge priority based on all the other things we've talked about. So I assume we could probably push this into this. This can be kind of wrap on the VE conversation. So sometime early May, Jason, do you think you could just pull a couple bullets together that can be the basis for Erica's team to go off

Unknown Speaker  1:25:09
of just a list of additional

Ryan Hankins  1:25:13
e items the design includes. Remind me, is it interior downspouts or is it exterior, downspouts for exterior, exterior. Do we know if we're daylighting or if we're going underground? Day lighting? I've asked that they get tied. Okay, got you

Unknown Speaker  1:25:35
you were day lighting, but there's been an update where it's been piped and go 200 down to store. Okay?

Speaker 7  1:25:42
200 now material. So for the down spots themselves, I would think that would be architectural, but for the small transition when you go underground and then go five feet to civil cast iron. Are there from interior? Refrain behind anything? No, there's no. It should be noted that I think if I'm remembering correctly, it's fine to storm on the west end of the building, but civil has some concerns with the east end of the building, and that probably have to daylight there, if I'm remembering correctly. Jason, so I think it's a combination of the two strategies Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  1:26:51
we just need to go back and Jason just take a look At the specs and provide an

Speaker 1  1:27:01
update to Eric, but I would say we can kind of kick the can on this a little bit. Don't really need it until probably the end of April. We want the last thing to buy out. Yeah. So let's just put a date on it. I guess, Jason, your workload is pretty decoupled from everybody else's, so whatever makes sense to you to pass that off the air heads. It's something we can keep to later. Yeah, Jason, what would be just for a target date when you think

Speaker 7  1:27:37
you can hand it over? This is for updated specifications for press fittings and PDC for waste, picking for that in space, updating that.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:47
Suppose for everything. Yeah, for everything. Are we having the same cost issue with PDX

Conor Tighe  1:28:01
in the war probably is yeah, it's probably Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:13
yeah, because we've been seeing the cost rise on just VDC product. So maybe we just do a nap game. Yeah, you can do that.

Speaker 1  1:28:27
Yeah. I think you probably still need some direction, yeah, so we won't, we won't actually do a design change. We'll make that decision later. Jason, you were saying a week by the end of next week, on the 17th, you can have something for everybody. It may be an admin but if we can apply it to anything in the lab,

Speaker 7  1:28:54
just take a double check there. Sounds good. We'll take a look at that and see if you'll accept the one last piece, we can turn that around next week, end of the

Unknown Speaker  1:29:10
first week of May.

Speaker 1  1:29:36
Plumbing fixtures. So plumbing fixtures and pipe material specification, so I think we've already covered pipe specifications. I'm just going to shorten this to plumbing fixtures, similar to the mechanical equipment, where we already have a vendor selected. Or Jason,

Speaker 7  1:29:56
what were your thoughts here for the plumbing fixture specifications? And I don't know how much saving I think the paper material would be more significant and coordination with Dominic and Jen in terms of what we're specifying for the plumbing fishers.

Speaker 1  1:30:18
So Okay, all right, we'll just bundle that in with the recent ass. So 417, update to Erica's team, and we'll shoot to have something quantified by basics.

Speaker 1  1:30:39
We knocked out plumbing, so all we have left is electrical right on time. Thanks. Thank you guys. Well, we'll take an hour break for lunch and we'll hop back on at one o'clock. Thank you everyone. Thank you guys, thanks. Thank you Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai