Unknown Speaker  00:00
Coming

Speaker 1  00:06
up so AI and technology and leading culture. But I think this is an exciting time. If you haven't met Ryan, you're about to get to hear from him directly. I think a lot of you have gotten exposure, and the human agency team this last couple years has been sort of revolutionary, right with the introduction of ChatGPT, I was a really early, I remember the New York Times columnist that just had their first conversation with Chad, and I was like, What is this, you know, and I was having mine, and it felt like fire, and I was telling everybody about this fire I was playing with, and nobody knew about what it was and and so I think what's really interesting still is the amount of time and effort and energy we're putting into AI, which I would say, like, let's say rolling out, open ai, ChatGPT, to the organization now with a conservative effort of rolling out quals. I think one of the things mentioned here to this room, and I think this is a great captive audience, is everyone in this room should, should reach out and get on program. We just opened up more licenses.

Unknown Speaker  01:26
You have, quals co work,

Speaker 1  01:29
which is, I think ChatGPT is about to roll out something similar. But what's interesting to see is like, even with how many licenses of ChatGPT Do we have now, about 1300 1300 how many people are using like, well, 1270 or so most. There was a period of time, though, where I think one of the points I wanted to make today where 600 people weren't really using it, and so the user adoption is one of the key things that we can do. And I've heard over and over in the last day, how many examples of the use of AI people have used. We saw Tom present up here, and the way the finance team is using AI, we've had different presentations produced by AI ROH had put together some information about data centers for me, and then sent me this beautiful presentation. And last night, we admitted because, you know, I can put some info and work, made that presentation. And so these tools, you know, at the very basic premise, should make us all more efficient, should help increase the quality of our work and and and make us smarter. I mean, I think I'm learning more, because AI is making it so easy to digest information. But there's also what's coming next. And what's coming next is the reality that workflows that are repeatable, that we do on a consistent basis,

Unknown Speaker  03:19
absolutely can leverage these tools and data. Gathered in a completely new way, intelligence around what these language

Speaker 1  03:30
models can do. I'm getting fun of all of the time because I have open clock. It doesn't know my email address, it doesn't know my social and doesn't have my credit cards and on a totally separate computer that's not even using clayco's Wi Fi network, because I'm scared of it. But it is powerful, even so, and it does a tremendous I actually taught it. This is just an interesting use case. I like this company, origin investments. They have great leadership pieces, and I pulled my open clock through text message, hey, go check out this website. Go read all their articles, and then it read every one of their articles, and said, Well, if you like this, I can actually completely copy it. And anytime I present information to you, I can present it just like those thought leadership pieces there. And so now, when I say, What, what's the history of this real estate site? What was the controversy around X, Y and Z, and what ultimately happened with the developer? And go scan all of the press releases and all of the news from these publications, and then in five minutes, it delivers a PDF that then forwards to my email because it doesn't know my email address, and it's in the in the actual form of this thought leadership writing that I love, and it's easy for me to digest, and I read it, and I have, I literally talk to it on a drive when I get home, I read the report, and it's it's powerful research, at the minimum, it's an amazing tool use case. So I think I wanted to share my excitement for like where this is going, because I don't think that this is a job replacing that's a real resistance to new technologies and new ways of doing things. And one of the things that I've noticed, you know, one of my first contributions to Clayco in college was a summer job where I was learning a software called on screen take off in college at Clemson, and I said, Hey, Bob, does you know, you don't have to do this on paper. You can actually

Unknown Speaker  05:45
do it on screen. And

Speaker 1  05:50
then he said, you know, we're, you know, we have the first fax machine. We have the first, you know, email address I got ROM was giving me a hard time yesterday. It's Clark s at Arbor. Rob hit, Hey,

Unknown Speaker  06:05
would be great.

Speaker 1  06:06
That would be great. He'd prefer that. This is not normal. Why did you do that? We had the first email addresses like in America, making it up as we went. So we've always been great adopters of technology, but, but there's a construction we've been cobbling together the tools that we have, you know, to, you know, even I got this great over Destiny estimator software last week. And there's that software which looks like itself, and then there's layers of technology we put on top of that. Our VR is put on top of that so that we can see this information. And that's the whole company. We've been cobbling together pieces and word documents and excel sheets and share files. And there's a huge opportunity to make everything just way more efficient. And I think the faster we sort of all adopt it and take that and use it as a power and not as something to resist the change is the better the whole company is going to be. So that's my sort of overview and message. And I think this is the group of people who to be championed with that because we're spending real time and money and energy to have super smart, talented people walk these hallways, learn our business and help us implement the technology to our benefit. And this, to me, is it's an investment in our people too. It's like, it's like, your Microsoft Word just came out. We're going around to the whole company saying, here's how you use work. We're empowering our own people to have better skills. And I hope that the people of the company recognize that this is an investment in them, not sort of around them. So that's my kind of big picture talk on AI, and I think we'll have some good session. Good

Unknown Speaker  08:12
sessions. By the way, this is not working. This is really

Brendan Lind  08:18
great. I'm doing four presentations at once in different places right now, so I know most people, but a lot of people, maybe I don't, so I'm Brandon Lin run AI here at Clayco, and just super excited to talk with you today. First thing I'll say is just contextualize the pace of Rahn change like under 50 years ago we got the telephone, you know, but 15 years ago we got the iPhone. Like, things are moving so fast and in AI like ChatGPT,

Brendan Lind  08:55
three years ago, right? Like the pace of change is insane, and I want to brave the situation, the reality we find ourselves in, the context we're engaging one world is you've got people who are going to go build AI like first company. So this is a company that this year will do 1.8 billion in revenue, a guy and his brother, their competitor, him and hers, 2400 employees, $2.4 billion they do the exact same thing, right? We are going to be facing companies that try to compete with us, and we are a human company, right? So our challenge is we're competing, as you know, our normal competitors and new companies. And then you have it in our own world, where we want to go build data centers and people push back. But you also have this inside of our own company and everywhere will say, hey, AI is scary. Change is scary, right? And I think the thing for us in all these is, how do we respond? So my note is, I think we respond, firstly, with values. I'm doing AI here, so just to share a bit of my values, kind of when I graduate from college, first thing I did was I built a nonprofit that teaches people how to code and helps them get jobs in tech. It's called Launch Code grew around the country, became the largest tech educator for women, people of color in the country. This is with Obama. He rolled an initiative out around it around the country. My goal, this is the key thing. My goal is to help people succeed with technology, not replace them. That's always been my goal. That's why I'm excited about what we're doing here, because we have the ability to have everyone benefit from AI, and I think that's the key here into as well. Our goal is not to replace people with technology. Our goal is to be we compete because we are people who build with AI, right? We use this tool to make us better and to out compete the humans and the competition, I think that's exciting. And broadly, I think what's cool is that, and this is something I believe deeply. Everything we're doing here, we are building to make life better. You've probably seen this, but for our people, as Shawn said, our work with AI, everything we do at this company, it's an investment in our people. We work, we care about our clients. Every community we're building, we make like those communities have more taxes, better schools, etc. Our country is more competitive, and generally, we use AI to help the world. So anyway, I think when we talk about AI, there's what we're doing, but it's important to ground ourselves in the value that we're going at and how we approach this. So AI rapidly changing. Three years ago, you've got ChatGPT. It's your text buddy. You go and you say, hey, help me write this email a little bit better, right? As it moves forward now, past three months, AI can start creating software that it can replace entire software solutions. You can go build that new solution almost in like days, which is wild, you have billions of dollars investments, years of work to build a software solution and go build it so fast you've got open thoughts like Shawn talking about to frame these agents and help understand this. It's like when you first use ChatGPT, you type in help me with my email. Now you can go, and the way that agents are working is that you can go and ask, Hey, okay, write an email, and it could actually go and then move that into your inbox for you as an example, right? And it can put it a draft in your email. So you don't have to go and do that, like agents are going to be able to take action on your behalf. And then, I think the next thing to note is that there's, if you haven't heard about it, anthropic mythos, like we're going to have security issues across the board coming in from AI, and the way we respond to that is also going to require AI, because there's just, it's going to be aI fighting AI. And at Clayco, you know, we just started with, you know, initially saying, like, everyone's chat, GPT, and then now we're moving into a world where we get we have more platforms. We're now going to be building solutions ourselves to improve how we operate. And across the board, we've got 1700 users across all of our platform. 98% of people are reporting two plus hours of time saving. I think keeping on time savings. Shout out to Ryan on this, we have great conversation about AI. He framed it so well. Which is, our goal is people do things that like are mundane. They're the boring tasks. And our goal is we can use AI to take the things that are boring and free you to do the stuff that you think about, thing you want to do, or spend more time with your family. That's our goal. So and then, across the board, people have generally gained, gained time through the advantage of AI about 10,000 hours tools.

Brendan Lind  13:27
We now have five main AI tools. The dominant one is chat GPT. We also have quad, which is a chat GPT competitor, Otter, which is for meetings. Microsoft copilot, another one of these competitors, and Google's Gemini, if you want, you want, you can test the different tools. In general, I would say the primary two users two platforms are ChatGPT and quals. We offer a variety of ways to actually help you with the AI. You can email us, contact us. We have weekly office hours. We haven't been as great, dedicated teams, channels to message channel, calls and in person events. So really here to help help draft adoption and help people. A year ago, the way chat GPT was working, where we can drive value with it was, was what was called Custom GPT. This was really taking chat GPT, adding custom amounts of data and creating little workflows. So couple examples of those, which people probably see, and this is an example. These both went live at the end of last year. Change Order, admin and submit a list. This is what you could do in 2025 to show the kind of pace of change. 2026 the world's a little different. We're building solutions, right? So here, this is, this is, you know, only working on this for the select number of people. So shout out to mark cannon. This is on the first batch. This is like a map. You can see who works here, where people are over here, working with Roberto on this. It's awesome to have your help. So thank you. This is literally a thing that helps you match work. Who have worked together, who've worked together, where there are synergies between people.

Speaker 2  15:01
Say anything? Yeah, I think this, this came out of an idea that we were doing at the tiger group. You know what the LinkedIn capabilities, where you can do like the ideal candidate. So with this, with all the information from pm web, hopefully from Procore Bridget we can say I need a person. If you don't know everybody that we have, you say, I need a person like Alex lenari. You put it in, and we'll just give you the people that have similar profiles and similar roles. And then you can see who's available, who's not available, where they're working and experience and everything. You're going to have to have a lot of visibility. And you know, we're just playing with the data to make sure that we get as much data from what we have, and it's pretty, pretty amazing.

Brendan Lind  15:44
And this is really a tight box of people working on this, but at the moment, it's like, it's how you do it, right? It's working with great people who are subject matter experts, and then bringing technology around it. The way we're approaching AI in 2026 is we're really trying to figure out, Where can we go, not just create a one off thing, but create workflows that help improve how we operate? And so just to give examples of that, an example is we're and these are just areas that we're analyzing, and we're saying, Okay, could we go and drive a new way of working in this area? So an example would be worth looking at legal and saying, Hey, can we go and replace some of the legal technology with better solutions that save us money. And even in that time, just as just as we're exploring that, there's two legal cases right now where there are disputes I was talking to Carmen about this is like we have 1000s of pages to translate. These are 10s of millions of dollars disputes, and just using AI, we've whipped up quick solutions, and then each one of those solutions saves 10s of 1000s of dollars, potentially.

Speaker 3  16:46
That's right, we had 1000s of emails in Vietnamese that we needed to be translated, and normally that process of translation and the cost of it would have been a couple of months and 10s of 1000s of dollars. We got it done five hours. Tony Mohler on the AI team assisted, and they're now being reviewed in English, and the ones that we find that are relevant, then we'll get them certified by a translation firm for admission into the court process. But extremely efficient, and that's just one example. We're using AI claw, both claw and ChatGPT in a lot of different workflows in the legal team. It's like having five new young lawyers. Each lawyer on my team has a young associate at their disposal because they have ChatGPT, yeah.

Brendan Lind  17:29
And so we're basically the process is, we're doing these deep tabs with these teams, legal precon, etc, and then we'll analyze, what can we do? What could the value be? And then we're going working with Shawn, working with Anthony. Aside, does it make sense to go and take this to the next level? Example of this is in precon. So first, every single thing we do comes with a champion, Conor the brain, but I'm also a legend. So you guys have

Conor Tighe  18:00
been talking too much. Can Yeah. I mean, at the end of the day, the precon stack has largely been ignored by the industry. It's been a very PMIs specific industry, pro core and pm web, and so when you look at the pre construction stack, you have de estimator, but there's so much more, right? We have to utilize like join to tell the narrative of the story of how scope creep occurs within the preconstruction process. The estimator could be leveraged better by having better communication with Procore JD Edwards, and there's opportunities for takeoff, right? We're beta testing some take off solutions with concrete strategies. And it's, it's not just a Clayco initiative, right? SCI, CDC, concrete strategies, Ventana, Clayco, preconstruction. All of us have these needs, and it's across the entire enterprise. I think.

Brendan Lind  19:00
A cool note with just this is there's so many points of value, right? As Shawn noted, we stacked a bunch of different tools in to kind of make this one thing happen, estimating in precon. And we can go and say, well, we spend money on this tool so we can save money on the spend on that tool. Then we can bring what's like five different things, this, dashboard, this, this, this into one workflow that streamlines it for people. Then there's tools like join, which is really a separate tool, which we don't use on all jobs. But if we do, we build a client pool. Probably we're building the clients 500 600k a year. We can go bring this all into one solution, and now we can create a profit center, or that what we were previously billing clients for, join on now we can build ourselves. And then you look at and there's security issues, the estimators, example, doesn't exist in optic you log in with a password. So in this Minto world, like that tool is going to be hackable, right? And so we're able to go create something that actually prevents our solutions and our way of working from getting hacked. So there's, like, so many benefits to what we can potentially do here. Okay, then my core take is that this is really fucking hard work honestly, and it's really, like, kind of shitty at sometimes also, but it's awesome with you guys, right? And I, like, genuinely mean that. And really, we like, can't do this. We can't win together if we aren't working together. And there's different areas like bureaucracy, like aI today, we talked to Mike Hurley, and he's like, help me my fucking email. And I'm like, ChatGPT today. ChatGPT today can take your emails every day. It can put in your email draft responses to every single email you have. It can do it, but you know what? Getting that approved to take live to you is stuck in bureaucracy, right? So tell us what you need. Tell us that you want it, because I'm told who would possibly want a draft to their emails that they still have to review and click Send. But who would want that in their email? Tell me you want that. Help me make it happen. Security and quality, like it is critical. We literally will have the risks are, people in this company are going and they're starting to build some tools with AI, like, that is a risk, if you like. There are tools that people have built where it's like, Okay, someone just put a bunch of company data and people's names and everything publicly on the internet. We found that they built with AI. We shut it down. But if we don't know about it, and just being done outside of Clayco, ai and the environment, there are substantial risks to it. There's risks with our existing tools. There's risk with new tools. We have to govern this well, so you don't see a clay co Ed app stamp and you hear it's aI question it. And let's make sure we're talking if it's on one of your teams. And my next one is like, partner and growth. I would go back to precon as an example here. And my note would be, okay, like we went in precon. Conor is a champion, and then everybody and Eric is a champion. And then people are like, you know, I don't know. Kurt's like, is this a good idea? Like, here's how I work, you know? And then Justin's like, is this a good idea, right? Like, is this a good idea? And they have great points and great concerns, and we have conversations and we work, and it starts off with a moment of skepticism, right? And we have to work through it. We have to have conversations. And turns out, these guys are amazing. They're subject matter experts, right? And what we're able to create, the plan we can create, becomes good, becomes better by working together. It's a mix of technology and subject matter experts. And where do we get now? These guys are like, I would be like, friends. Ish, you know,

Speaker 4  22:40
he's like, That guy, Pete, day one may we're skeptical. He goes, Pete. We call him the AI Jesus,

Brendan Lind  22:48
yeah, because he says fucking genius, and also because you built a relationship, a partnership, right? And I think that is the key. Like, we can do great things, but it will only be done together.

Speaker 5  23:00
Question, please finish now. Emotional

Brendan Lind  23:09
speech collaboration, making great things. So we'll go on to another meeting.

Speaker 5  23:16
But So how do you think long term the two worlds software, Microsoft proof, who always incorporate AI features in the second world, no claw, chat, GPT. We're building apps and application on top of that. How will these two works live together? Will one replace? How do you students? How do you think about it strategically

Brendan Lind  23:36
for Clayco? Totally. So it's going to change a lot, and the reality has always been that you have had to go meet software, right? And that's kind of why half our people are still in spreadsheets, and that's why we do this, because the software kind of sucks. It works for this person, not this person. It's all built somewhere else, and if you don't like something with it, well, you call the customer service rep, and in six months, like they've created a ticket and they never fix it right? The future of software is something where we create an estimation solution, and you're going to go in and you're going to say, well, this doesn't totally work for me, you're going to, instead of sending in a support ticket to help desk, you're going to send in a ticket, and literally, we will make the technology change for you that week so that it works differently. So the whole way technology works, technology is going to move. Software is going to move to meet you where you are. That's incredibly exciting. It will improve your quality of life, because you will have, is my saying on the pro core Autodesk. Nothing is going to change there in the next, like year, right? And change is hard. Change. The hardest thing in Alden is changing how we exist, how we operate. But as we do this, if we go and we make a change in precon, we change how we operate in the precon space, we change how we operate in CRG, we start driving value, and we change how operations happen. We will build muscle as an organization. We will become the most fit company out there. Our people will be better. Shawn said, it's an investment our people and we're going to be ready to go change and be like our here's our approach to changing Pro for here's our approach to changing autodes, because technically it's possible, and part of what we're doing here with AI is an investment in every single person to make it so that we can become the company that belongs.

Conor Tighe  25:22
I think, I think part of the I think part of the issue is that we, we have, there's a fork in the road, right? We can use our intellect and our knowledge of this industry and make other people's software solutions better, or we can utilize things like Clark code and make our own solutions and make our processes back. And whenever we go to back and de estimator and we say, Hey, we're looking for this solution back who is a competitor to us, uses that solution, integrates it, and then sells it to all the other customers in the industry.

Speaker 5  25:57
I agree we did it. Yeah, coming getting into the business of building applications and software business, which is a very different business. Yeah, I'm just trying to love your opinion on that brand, so I appreciate your clarification.

Speaker 6  26:13
Yeah, has there been any thought? So one of the issues I see with it is it's it's not centralized, like you just threw out a ton of good use cases, but they're all all over the place and kind of secondary to that. You know, when a new PM starts right now, the expectation is they have, like, 2000 pages to read between employee handbooks, project execution plans, you know, safety, quality. To me. Has there been any discussion on taking the Otto Single Sign On page and putting, like a ChatGPT module there, where, if I'm any employee and I need to find a template for for a certain sign on a job, I could type it there. And it seems like there needs to be a sole source, and that would help with utilization. And is that a possible solution?

Brendan Lind  26:59
Yes. And I think part of what's nice about moving from 2025 world of AI was point solutions. Here's this one random thing, other random things, and like you go to that product called the OS, right, the operating system. So we're working to create things to now bring together point solutions into streamline single workflow and actually reduce fractionality. Same thing in precon where you're like, hey, here's 10 solutions just to do estimating, bring that into one gold meta.

Unknown Speaker  27:40
Anything.

Speaker 7  27:46
It won't help you much coming from me with the bureaucracy, but I want it really saying is we kind of have is we kind

Speaker 1  28:04
of have where you can ask you about the employee handbook that does exist. I think it's an interesting idea, all the type of templates, document, and making it a language, a query like, Hey, where's this, you know, whatever safety

Unknown Speaker  28:21
sheet, where's this thing?

Unknown Speaker  28:23
And having it go Google for you so they're not

Speaker 6  28:26
running around. It's basically when you pull up your single sign on sheet for every employee in the enterprise, which we all use that all the time, it's right there at the top. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  28:36
It's another point for solution idea, talking about what he thought you about what he thought we do, and I agree with you, we have something we're addressing, which is actually hone in and really have one major project at a time. Be really clear to the organization about what's being rolled out. Get it rolled out. Get people educated on get adoption to happen, to many ways, almost a little overwhelming.

Unknown Speaker  29:05
So we should slow around and know what we're doing

Unknown Speaker  29:07
next and why we're doing

Speaker 1  29:10
it next, and that's a big part of what we're doing. But this would be an example of that, like the amount of different ideas that you just had, that we hear daily, is like you could

Unknown Speaker  29:28
things at once. And so

Speaker 1  29:31
what we are doing earlier is we're focusing on what, what is enhancing enterprise value factor? How? Anthony opened earlier talk yesterday. Where can we get margin enhanced? Where can we get quality enhancement from this? Where is the ROI Right? Because these people are really talented, and they can go build a million different things, but where is the company going to have lasting return on the investment of the tools that we

Unknown Speaker  30:01
build? Where can we get the quick plan?

Speaker 1  30:03
Maybe that's a quick plan, right? Maybe that's actually something pretty easy. So we're just trying to figure out how to make those decisions, because the world is changing so quickly. I don't know if people really get it a year ago and custom GMP today. Almost anyone in this room to figure out how to write some software, which is crazy, so the people who actually know how to write software can build almost anything. So then it's a whole new question of how you apply resources. Because the whole environment, by the way, it's an exciting time, but it's also a time to have some discipline.

Speaker 6  30:48
And I think mine was more thinking of how to simplify it, to increase utilization, and that's really use the AI to figure out what AI use, and under to that, just all the operational stuff, we have just a resource using AI

Speaker 1  31:12
to create more adoption. That's a great answer, because everybody that was just, hey, this is Clayco ai ask me anything, and they could go

Brendan Lind  31:32
get and and I think that OS that was talking about, or that has a map and everything that is our attempt to put AI on top of company data, right and to basically say, let's create a way where you can go in one place and get access to whatever you're going to need that you can then interact with as one single just just to help navigate. Axis would be a hell. Axis is one of the hardest places to find. Maybe you shouldn't even need access. Maybe you should just be able to PT and find everything. That's exactly what I'm saying. We've talked about that, so I think we should move on to meetings, and then we'll have the discussion. If we have time, I'll have more questions, and I'm also always, actually, Chad, all right? Meetings, it's a new topic. So the key thing, and everyone knows this, we have too many meetings in the company, right? You take, we survey people, right? And like, what do you spend your time on? Like, people spend 30 plus hours a week in meetings, and we were sitting around last night have a few drinks, and we talked about, like, how did this company used to be? And I don't know if this is true, but there

Unknown Speaker  32:53
was this Tom zEC,

Brendan Lind  32:55
there's this there's this thing, which is 20 years ago, eight people sat in a Denny's 30 minutes once a week, and they ran this company. That was the meeting. And, you know, we have zoom, we have this. We can go create a ton of meetings. We can create, it's easy to go create a meeting, but when you have to travel across town to a Denny's, you did it once a week, you know? And so the question is, we make it really easy to have meetings. How do we operate smartly? Because none of us really want these meetings. It's how do we create a company where everyone has exactly what they need as we've grown to make the decisions and work and at the same time, free people's time up? That's what this that's what this is about. So we got a team. I think we were, we were lucky to work together. Had a great time. You know, meetings are how we operate and and our goal here is to, you know, as I said, reduce the meetings free the time, make our lives better. Yeah, so I

Speaker 8  33:59
think the timeline, the timeline we had up here on your previous presentation could have had one other key event, which was covid happened, right? Nobody was on these zoom calls. We all had to figure out how our speakers work, how our mics work, how the cameras work, right? This is what I did in the past. We immediately had this proliferation of how your calendar is chock full of Zoom meeting web access teams. You know, zoom, Amazon's got their own software, and it just it has become an overabundance of meetings. I think we can all recall it for you. I mean, there are days where your calendar is booked, double booked, full out. So while we cover some pools here that kind of engender and foster culture going forward. Of how to turn that back for some backward looking spring cleaning that we need to do when I talk a little bit on some meetings that currently we have set up that could either be combined or be streamlined, maybe could become asynchronous, if there's a way to offer it via a video link or MOS or a train that you can do as your travel or work schedule allows. So we're gonna service service. Some good news here. We worked with it to compile a list of any meeting in the company that had over 30 attendees, and then we we wiped off the ones that were job specific, like, like a team meeting on a job site or OAC on a job site. We came up with this comprehensive list of corporate meetings as over 30 attendees, and we started to look at that list, and we had a lot of Clayco expertise on our group, like you just saw, and we said, hey, what's working? What's not working? What's this group's opinion, at least to start with something bright spot. So here were some meetings that seven police right and over the last 12 months had either changed their cadence or weekly. Meeting went to twice a month, went to once a month, went to bimonthly. There were some meetings here which will list sales meetings. The executive review was revamped. PCLs have been revamped. And this can include in terms of attendees or cadence, as well as CRG Right. Steve was in our group talked about how CRG changed our cadence up, so there is some self policing going on. We think that there's a little bit of work left to do. Click the right. Here. So we have a list of meetings here, and I'll step out so everybody can kind of see, right? We think that these meetings here for the operator ready ops meeting. Then there are regional follow up meetings to the ops meetings, which we have in Chicago, Phoenix. You know, they take that meeting 30 minutes to an hour, as well as a list. Here, I won't read all of them, but so our group is recommending a survey to the 300 400 people attend these meetings, and say, Hey, are you getting value to this meeting? Can it be combined with another meeting that's already on your calendar? How can we make it find out if it's working for people, and then if it's not, let's dill back. And so we've talked to some of the individual meeting owners, generally, people are memorable to this, right? We want to make this for people's while Don't be wasting time. We don't want to be wasting time when it's multiplied and magnified times hundreds of people. So that's what that's one of the core recommendations our task force is coming up with is to survey, survey these meeting participants and assess value to

Unknown Speaker  37:28
talk about these tools here.

Speaker 8  37:31
These are the questions. These are just the quest, six questions that we have circulated as a group and with our recommendations with our executive sponsor, and then these were the kind of sub pools

Brendan Lind  37:44
Kurt touched on these. One key thing to a meeting is also in the world of thinking about the Danny's is, does this have to be, not that it shouldn't exist, but could we do this in a different format, right? And I think something that we like, Could this be a video? Could we make it so that, you know, meetings are accessible and someone doesn't have to go so they get meeting notes. Does it mean even have a purpose? So on, on the video example, right? Like every month Anthony does videos. He sends out the whole company. I think those are watched at a higher percentage than meetings are intended, right? So if the goal is, do people consume this? It's like people are consuming videos that are sent out. And so, you know, there's definitely meetings where we put together whole meetings people go and it could just be a video, potentially a thing to think about. There's also the ability to take meetings. There's ability to take meetings and say, All right, let's go get these transcribed, and then let's make those accessible to people in different ways. So an example what we've done in the past six months is we've rolled out otter to a bunch of folks. And so if you have it, great, if you don't talk to me, but basically otter will go and it will transcribe the meetings you're in right then we built down a connection between ChatGPT and quals and otter. So now you can go in your ChatGPT or your quad and say, Hey, take all the contents SharePoint emails, but also all the meetings I had yesterday, and help me figure out what I should do next. It's an incredibly powerful tool. You don't have to go down into otter. You exist, you know, to the point of, how do we streamline this and not have as many tools and solutions? It's you got one place. You just go into your general purpose AI can help with your email, helps with your meetings. And we have the potential, over time, to turn that into a true knowledge base

Speaker 9  39:39
for the end. And I think it's important to highlight that having the access to that data will allow people to not attend these meetings right right now, it feels like all 100 people in job site, job site, have to go sit in this meeting that really only maybe three to five people are talking in because they want to understand what was discussed in the outcome. If we make that information accessible via these tools, then we can free those people's time up, and then they can get the five or 10 Minute recap and get 50 minutes back. It has to be a mind shift, mindset shift, and we need everyone here to help, you know, take that back to the teams when this gets rolled out.

Brendan Lind  40:16
And, you know, then just little things that we can put a a kind of widget into Outlook that every time you go to create a meeting with 10 people, it goes, Do you really need to do this? Are you sure you know? Is this a good idea? And then we can use AI to actually go through and score those meetings and be like, did this seem valuable? Different options we can do. Goal is make your life better. So, you know, streamline meetings and just shout out to like, the people. You know, Anthony had a sales meeting. It was, it was, I think it was weekly. And he's like, I'm telling people to take less time meetings. Let's make it bi weekly. Like, eat, like, you know, drink your own medicine, or whatever it is, you know, and like, I think that's the biggest thing. And then there's continuing to do that, having using tools to, ultimately, like, streamline the process, and then just like, try different approaches that don't require a meeting,

Speaker 10  41:17
like a video. We're way off time now. So

Speaker 10  41:28
for those who don't know me, I'm Jeff Miller, I'm the CIO. And so we're going to talk about something that's just as sexy as sports and entertainment and AI, but we're going to talk about enterprise value in a different way. So your lens is about increasing revenue, increasing margin discipline in the work that you do, the people that you have, the people that you need. We look at things a little bit differently in some respects. When it comes to software, we're still talking about enterprise value, but what we're talking about, we're talking about operating margins. How do we go after cost avoidance so we can expand our margins. We have a very large software portfolio here, and what type of discipline can we put into this process, so that we are constantly evaluating looking at our portfolio, kind of a micro team here of sorts that was formed after Aspen, kind of a combination between Brenda and the Clayco ai team, and then also my applications team. So out here with cama leads, our is our Director of applications, and then Ed and Sarah are part of for the team. So what are we looking at here? We got an annual spend this year of just under $32,000,000.02 26 applications. The first got here about 20 months ago, we had just north of 250 applications. So we're chipping away at that, but we can get a heck of a lot better at that. This year is really, really important. The majority of our applications are up for renewal. That's why we're having this conversation, why we're very focused on this, and it's the discipline that we need to get us to that next step. So you kind of go through this. This was designed around what we did last year. You just heard from Brendan and you heard from Shawn talk about, there's so much opportunity when it comes to AI out there that we're now looking at things very differently from a software portfolio standpoint. So we've got a material decision ahead of us. Almost 80% of our applications are up for renewal, we have identified some savings, so between q4 of last year and q1 of this year, we've already taken out about 1.1 5 million. So that's our baseline. We want to at least get another one to one and a half million on top of that. So about two and a half million is our target coming out of the Aspen conversation last fall. But this is a little bit kind of a misnomer, or maybe even a deflection of sorts, because there's a lot of spend pressure on top of that. So we heard about AI that costs money, right? We have to pay for more licenses that we didn't have in the budget. There's dependencies around infrastructure, architecture, security, data, all those things. So we've got some invisibles there that are starting to come after our reductions in our software costs. We need to balance that out with the directions that we're trying to get to while still reducing our costs overall. So we have a targeted optimization plan that we're at least going forward. And that's really a combination of the rigor around how do we renew contracts, how do we increase the use of AI to reduce our overall spend? And really, how do we get better negotiation power with our members? So this is kind of just narrow into how in the world did we get to this number of applications? So you start at the top of 226, we've got things that are on the budget. This is the scarier part over here that says these are not on the budget. So the good idea theory runs rampant around Clayco and shows up at your job site and says, We need this software. And then next thing I know, I'm getting a request for a $50,000 software. So that scares me a lot, and so we need to be focused on that. But also this is where we're really focusing our attention. Here is we have 136 applications worth about $16 million between the next nine months that need to be renewed. This is material savings company, and we now have new tools and technologies that can help us drive that number down. And that's how we kind of look at this. Just some of the things we've done, we'll go into this and highlight this is the roughly $750,000 we took out of going from the PCL, from 2025 to profit plan, from 2025 to 2026 and we're covering across both VDC and what we do from an enterprise IT standpoint, these are things that we're eliminating or executing elimination of this year. Same thing that we have for this year, we've already taken down 15 applications in the first 90 days of 26 and we're looking at for those bigger applications. If you look at our biggest spend from a software standpoint, is Autodesk, pro core, Microsoft, Adobe and movie, we can't really touch those ones, so we're going after what's the next tier down, and

Speaker 10  45:59
that's really what we use this framework for. So we look at applications from a perspective of, can we tolerate this? Blue Beam is a great example. We can't replace that today. Maybe we can tomorrow, but not today. We need to keep that but that's about a 550 to $600,000 annual spend on that we invest. So we talked about AI, right? We have vertical and horizontal AI. So vertical AI is where our platforms are introducing new AI capabilities that we can eliminate other software and use within that platform. Pro core is probably a good example of that migration. Again, pro core, DM web, we go we find better tools, better technologies, so that we can combine our platforms and get rid of other software. That's why we want protocol. From migration standpoint, there's just some things we need to get rid of. They don't solve a business problem anymore the way that they did previously. And that's really where we look at the criteria. What is the business value? Is it clear? Is it strategic? What's the capability? Do we have too many licenses that we can reduce? Do we have? Do we buy a platform and we're using 10% of that? How do we make sure we build that in? Can ai do this right? This is what Bret is talking about. What we're looking at De estimator. What can we get rid of that in its entire being replaced with AI? What's the technical fit we I have to look at this from all the different angles. Does it fit within our security posture. Talked about anthropic and mythos is coming out. Does it fit within our architecture? How do all of our systems talk together? That's a really important thing. So we get that data back, that we can use that data again. And it really just comes down to cost. That's the process rigor and the discipline that we need to have around the commercial terms. So Microsoft, as an example, they're raising prices as of July 1, somewhere between 8% and 30% on an annual basis. So there's real things happening in the industry because of AI. If you haven't heard of SaaS pocalypse, that's a term we like to use. It says AI is going to replace our largest platform. Again, maybe not today, but tomorrow. So the all of our big vendors are cranking up their prices to take as much

Unknown Speaker  48:02
advantage as they possibly can. So you

Speaker 10  48:04
look at one year renewals, or even multi year renewals, we're going to take on more costs and sales. I don't want to leave without saying AI is an absolute lever for us. There's no doubt we can. Shawn talked about workflows, so we can take those workflows off of our software applications and replace that with AI. We can already see that there's an opportunity to replace some of our software today with AI. We need to get more aggressive with that, and that's where the help of this group is going to really help to move the needle on that and help make some very specific impacts with these numbers. So that's really where we're doing we're looking at our biggest contracts first, we're converting those rules into Portfolio decisions. So what is the AI mix? What is the software mix? What is the hardware mix to get all this stuff done against that framework of time, tolerate, invest, mitigate, or migrate and eliminate. And we're really holding spend to a new bar. So again, this gets back to they may not be as sexy as sports entertainment, but if you're in accounting or finance, or if you're me, I love saving money. I really do, and that's what this is really all about. I think the 1.5 to 2.5 billion is tiny in comparison to what we can we can do. But again, there's a lot of people out there have their little teddy bears. They're not going to give up their software. So it's going to take this group here helping us drive down these numbers, because I can't do it without you, because eventually I'm going to come to you and say, I need to review a $250,000 software. We can do it with AI. You're going to have to be ready to give that up, and that's going to be happening this

Brendan Lind  49:40
year. All right, goal of this is to figure out we actually build things, and people have to manage those projects. They have to work on them, and they're stressed out, and they've got a ton of work. How can you save time for people so that we can either take on more jobs or improve people's quality of life, or both? So shout out to the people. I noticed no one's joining you for this presentation. Folks want to get up here? You're welcome.

Brendan Lind  50:21
It's really a time savings of how long it took me to walk up. Thanks for being here. All right. Core problem, right? People's time is taken up by, you know, a bunch of different areas. We think there's like about 68% of people's time goes is taken up by areas where AI can be super helpful in the pep and and then, you know, so our goal here is to improve AI adoption, largely to to then drive this time. Sanders, we survey people. And just interesting is people's time goes to meeting, goes to email, goes to RFI, submittal, site, deal, work, admin, reporting, highlight a couple different things. These are the areas where, like AI can help. So you know, we're not going to talk about meetings here, but I would note the single biggest way to like, save a bunch of your time, is to just do the meeting stuff we talked about, use AI to just help you in general that's going to get the most value. And then there's specific solutions.

Brendan Lind  51:38
And and so one is we're building tools that are then and these are kind of, let's say this is the GPT world of 2025, because they're all random point solutions to create this technology problem we want to bring together. But, you know, we build tools that are specifically for PE s and PMS and and the key with these is they're useful. People use them. Find that they save time and a fair amount of value. But also we have to drive adoption. Like, on your jobs, if you're managing them, you've got people like, the key thing we need is to actually to drive more value, is to get people to actually use them more. So anything you can do, to do that will actually save people's time. Another thing to kind of, I think you had the point of, like, what do I even do? How do I do this? How do we make it so you don't even have to think about what AI to use. So we're deploying in beta next week, essentially, the Clayco ai coach, right? The way I think about this is it will meet you where you are. We can we see, we don't see what you send on GPT, but we know how many messages you send and what your role is in the company. So we can do there is we can say, are you not using AI at all? Are you kind of using it, or are you a heavy user? And then where you are in teams in different you know, in your email, we can have this AI coach proactively send you messages and say, Hey, we see you're not really using AI. And it turns out there's this submittals tool. It's super helpful for exactly what you do, and here's how you go use it. Hey, you're doing a great job with ChatGPT, but like, maybe you should try quad, because you've got these connectors over here, and this can be valuable, right? So anyone who wants to beta test this, reach out to me. But the basic idea is, we want to bring making AI work for you, easier to you and bring it to you. So I think this is super exciting. And then we're also looking to bring AI into the field. So our goal this year is to visit every key job site at least once in the company, and then across those job sites to have one to two AI captains. So, you know, we will be working to say who on your job should be those AI captains. And then we'll be going there, and that's part of it is, like the face time, getting everyone together here for the variety of different awesome talks we've had, very helpful. And I think going to the job, working with people, will also drive jobs at adoption. So kind of our core things, you know, on the job, make sure that we we have the champions and and are, you know, visiting the jobs. Number one is make sure that we make it as easy as possible for people to know what AI could be helpful to them. And then lastly, kind of which I need your help on, Make sure we're using the tools that we actually have.

Speaker 6  54:45
From a software kill standpoint, is that there's a lot of projects right now that are utilizing ACC bills, pro core, that's not our instance. And when you guys are out or negotiating those contracts, make sure that you guys are having the conversations with those clients of what you're doing and what the expectations are, because there's some projects where we're using the client's ACC build instance and not our own, because we don't have that built out on some projects, we are just control of building it on each individual project, which is very cumbersome. And then there's also, you know, the whole aspect of the data, part of it, right? Like, then we're losing all the data that goes along with bar, buys, Mills, whatever else we're doing, and all these other all these other programs. So as you guys go out and you're talking to these clients, and they're asking you to use these other programs, reach out to me, reach out to Jeff, reach out to anybody like, I've kind of been going around to different projects and trying to figure out what everybody's doing. So I've got a general idea at this point. But if you guys reach out to me and say, Hey, this client's asking me to do this, we can come up with some ways of, hey, what's asking? If we can use Pro core, you know, our pro core, or our ACC and then we can just push those documents, you know, what they're looking for, because most of the clients are really just looking for, you know, a library at the end of the day of what they're doing, like what, what's going on the project. But if we can put it in our instance, then we can control the workflow, capture the data, and be able to monitor that a lot better, because there's one project where we've got, we've got it on the owner's side, and it's very confusing of how, like, just how game conventions go, and things like that, like, and you can go into ACC building, you can put the building number, you can put or building name, you can put shop drawings. You can select all those things, and then can sort by all. But we're using, we're, you know, it's actually more than one project. We're using all these different naming conventions and stuff because the owner has asked us, because they don't understand how their system works. So just keep that in mind, as we said, You guys are out there talking to the clients about projects, and no problem helping out with with, you know, through this whole pro core process, I've learned a lot about the capabilities of that, plus a PC build and, you know, all these other programs we can, we can figure out a way to capture data and utilize our workflows through the, you know, being able to problem Solve.

Mike Pierle  57:41
I think Joe's being a little soft. It's a little bit more than just it's keeping it on. This is a risk management strategy. There should be a technology plan on each of the projects, and it starts in the sales side, because that's where the deal begins to unfold and begins to become defined, but the data and the ownership of the data we needed to survive in some locations for 1012, 13 years, and if we do not have access to that information downstream, that can put us in a risk position that we don't want to be in. That's just one piece, but the other piece is just have the conversations on front end have an intentional outcome and purpose about streamlining the work processes. We are trying to get this introduced through project success planning as a kick off part of the project. But commonly, that's too late, because this really should be empowered, and engaged during the preconstruction phase, where the data is now originating. A lot of the forms of data are beginning to originate.

Speaker 6  58:50
So even if the clients are saying, well, I got to own it all, like Google, for instance, or whatever, there's other, you know, there's other ways to go around it also, or figure out what we can get that would be helpful.

Conor Tighe  59:06
Is there a like widget that you can put on a client's cup of or pro core, or whatever, to where it then directs the data, duplicates the data and sends it into our systems, like, how, how possible is that there's bridging.

Speaker 6  59:25
There's bridging between ACC build from there's no financial pro core and ACC build both have a bridging they don't call that in Procore, but so you can bridge the documents back and ACC bills. The problem is, is that if you go in, if you bridge this one folder, and then everyone on the owner side has all this access to everything, they go and create another folder, well inside that folder, and then start dumping stuff in that well, that folder doesn't get picked up. So then you have to go and bridge that folder. So you constantly have to be monitoring what it is, whereas, if we could get some discipline around what we're sending to them, then we can, we can control that, and then they're getting what they want out of it, which is, I mean, I don't know any think some of the clients want the data, maybe, but most of them are just wanting the documents.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:17
At the end of the day, I think a lot of them want the data.

Speaker 11  1:00:20
The tech clients want the data see doing the same thing we're doing with it.

Speaker 6  1:00:24
Yeah, we can also, we could. We can probably potentially give them the data as well, but they were, but we're, then we're managing that, you know, inside of our system. So all the workflows match everything you know, all the stuff that's going on internally is more consistent, as opposed to, we've got, you know, 25 different mission control people that are creating all these

Unknown Speaker  1:00:52
different work. So you're trying to keep it consistent within their program and all the

Speaker 11  1:00:59
other GNC, yeah, consistent in their program with all their other GCS, because everybody, the whole market, this is somebody like AWS, Google, have super custom ways that we have to populate the information. So it's going to be a challenge, but it's a very worthy conversation, because we want to get as much of that as we can, streamline as much of it as we can for our purposes, but not easy.

Speaker 6  1:01:25
Yeah, yeah. And then there's, there's also some, you know, the conversations around if there's you know, certain checklists. So now that we're shifting to pro core, they've got protocol. There's, you know, like observations and checklists and all these different things that we use on a daily basis for the field management, you know, maybe it's, Hey, can we combine this into yours? Or can we take your forms and put them into ours and then, you know, so that everybody's kind of, you know, we can. People can go to one place instead of having to

Speaker 10  1:01:57
go to one. Thing we're seeing for pro core two based on the advisory board, is they're really investing heavily on the owner side of the platform, and so I'm assuming we're going to see a lot better integration. So if you have an owner that is running the Procore instance, and we're on the same Procore instance, we can now share that data a lot more easily than we have been able to in the past. Their go to market strategy is to get as many owners as you would imagine, as possible on their platform. So I'm hoping that we'll see a lot more owners moving towards pro core, which will make that a little bit easier. But yeah, today we still do an awful lot of sneak in that and fat fingering data from one system to another, that it's just inefficient. Yeah, there's,

Conor Tighe  1:02:39
there's another problem, which is some of our JV partners use other systems, and so we're on some of these mega projects were within our JV partners, system managing.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:57
I feel like we just need

Speaker 10  1:03:01
every time you introduce a new tool, a new platform or duplicating, the likelihood of changing the data is high. The more that the data changes, the more the less accurate our AI solutions are going to be. So it's really important, as we look at these to have commonality and standardization about how we are injecting data into these systems, so that when we're taking it out of the systems, we get the absolute best performing, most accurate capabilities that we can but if we've got every person in this room looks at a project number differently, that really skews the back end systems. And so when you try to run a report, or you put a prompt into Chad GBT, you may not get the answer that you're looking for. You don't understand why. It's because we have 80 different versions of a project

Speaker 6  1:03:50
and then just a PNP time. I mean, we can, even if we all we are in all these different systems. You know, everyone you know part of our program. The way we're all programmed is to go figure it out and create a solution, right? But we've got all these different solution so they're all creating different bits of data all over the place. Or some people are doing a really hard way. Some people are doing an easier way. It's trying to get people to, like, get together and come up with a plan on what's the best way to capture everything that we need without having to go in and literally save it to a folder somewhere, you know, pull it off there, move it into our instance. However it works. But Well,

Conor Tighe  1:04:35
it's it's really having that widget, I think, a mission impossible when they tap in right to the data that it actually creates a copy and diverts it in the way that we need it diverted. I don't know how easy that is, Mr. Hunt, but I'm looking at you that way. Everyone has a different way of doing it when we

Speaker 1  1:04:58
isolate down just for particular task is always done a different way. And just start by saying, picking a few of them to say, Okay, well, let's come up with a house view on.

Speaker 6  1:05:12
So the solution of that, yes, that's what I've been trying to do. But there is live like it is Justin, you know, you it is just silly. You know, you've got the joint venture case. We're using their software for whatever they might be, RFI submittal, and then you got the owner, yeah, and then are we going through and say, like, most of the time we use if we're doing it, the way that we should be doing it is literally saving it and then put it on so then it lives in a folder that, really, at this point, maybe Clark can help us with. That is like having to go through and scroll and finding the file.

Speaker 1  1:05:59
I mean, I don't know if people have done the quals thing, but you can, you can literally just have 4000 files on your desktop, and yeah, there's, like, one receipt. They go find the receipt on my desktop. Conor, I

Speaker 10  1:06:17
think you know the speed at which this technology is transforming is unprecedented, right? And so we heard Tom talk about MCP servers, right? He might go into a deep dive on that, but I think that's a really good example of how we might be able to do some of that faster than we thought we could. We used to rely on API calls, right? So a very specific set of parameters we can take from one system and send to another. Now with the ability to build our own MCP servers, it gives us a lot more flexibility to leverage not just API calls, but start to look at that integration between those two applications, where we used to rely only on the vendors themselves, we can start building them on our end. I think that's going to be a game changer.

Brendan Lind  1:07:01
And I would say, I think you had a thing in, like, is it possible? And my, my main thing would be in the it is totally possible in the world of focus, and what do we do? It's like, you know, we gotta try not to say, let's go do that as much as it's possible. We got to figure out where the right things are to go after. Clearly, it's a valuable a valuable thing, but anything's possible at this

Unknown Speaker  1:07:27
point, I appreciate that schools are saying, can we add up some of this? It says for

Speaker 12  1:07:42
that, submittal tool, here's the running average of what we're saying. Here's the value say in that kind of the chapter recommends it. It's like, this will save you 20 hours. I mean, how do we get that? It's visible the value to the individual. So like

Brendan Lind  1:08:02
on the submittals or change orders, on the specific thing that it's going after was on these slides, but usually it's about 75% of the time on that specific task. Did it say? So, yeah, I think it's a great point, but at the

Speaker 12  1:08:16
project level, at least, we've saved 400 hours so far by using this tool. So it's pushing that number in front of leadership, saying, is your tool being used?

Speaker 7  1:08:27
So the point of contact for that isn't necessarily that we have a floating number out there that is floating over your head is the that we're putting

Unknown Speaker  1:08:35
those people in the field per project that

Speaker 7  1:08:36
are captains a day, either supposed to be going in. We're targeting PDX, the PDX, there should be a PD on your project that is an AI captain that has that baseline and understands what it's saving and can communicate that in a more real sense, rather than just some number that's arbitrary to you, right? So here's how I utilize it and stuff, what their team has been doing. Yeah, hey, come in. We want to make sure you're an expert at this, so that there's not just five people back in some other room in St Louis that you don't know by an interactive

Speaker 1  1:09:09
and then that save time should be, you know, being able to think critically, right and like, identify other challenges and get ahead of other problems. You know, it's not just, you know, we save money. It results in the ability to

Unknown Speaker  1:09:29
have a better process, more time in planning, and more

Speaker 6  1:09:34
time off the field. Presentation on thinking time, presentation on thinking this,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:42
one of the recommendations

Brendan Lind  1:09:54
was to scale. What holds that back from self scaling so probably a couple different things, awareness, people themselves using the AI. So like, on a project, whatever, maybe half of the people actually or not, the people in the company, really use the AI, and half of them don't. So just turning getting people who don't currently use AI solve their problems. I mean, I think a good example is Tom right. It's like, really didn't use chat GPT for like, a year, and all of a sudden he's like, caught. It's amazing, right? It's adding so much value. That's awesome, right? And I think like, like, it's people got to get that light bulb moment, right? And so is that light bulb moment using the submittals tool, or is it just getting in and realizing how powerful this stuff is? So I think part of it is we need everybody to get that light bulb moment. That's part moment. That's part of how we're going to the jobs doing that. And then, you know, I think another part of it is like, like everyone in here just making sure that your people are are doing like we're I think the key thing is we're all driving adoption, whether it's the adoption agent, whether it's you, whether it's our, our efforts to go do that. And one sorry, one other doubt would be part of the challenge is you have to build it into your cycle, right? So we announce change orders, we announce submittals, but submittals are only at one point in a project, and so you're just inherently not going to have everyone in the company all of a sudden use them for submittals at that time. You're not inherent. You don't have change orders that week, maybe. And so part of it is building the muscle so that the next time you hear it, it wasn't just any email a month ago, but now the next time you get it, we're all just making sure. Hey, are we doing this? Because it's going to come up, and if you haven't done it before, you'll

Speaker 8  1:11:36
probably have forgotten. One thing we added that was really helpful. Our we have our team meeting, internal team meeting, every week. We added an AI minute to it to try to get that light bulb moment out there. To just say, anybody on the team? Did you do something cool with AI this week? And then that kind of gets a toasted place. Oh, you can do that. And it just it builds on itself. I think, really helpful. Our thing,

Speaker 11  1:12:01
I think a landing page like Justin the process that we use, like submit, overview, can we just put that in Procore automatically? It's

Brendan Lind  1:12:19
these things only some of our projects are using, you know, pro four tools for the project, like, here's where we're going to

Speaker 1  1:12:28
save everything. Here's where the technology that we're going to use. Here's the Submit

Mike Pierle  1:12:40
overview. I don't know that we're doing it as well as we should. We have talked about this week with Zac Conor, we're starting up an operation leadership team to help try to start shift and change, as well as start to get some prioritization around what are some DTS that we that work more broadly and everyone should be using it's those notes not going to happen, right? So I got a lot of

Mike Pierle  1:13:18
comments on this. But I got a lot of comments on this. That is, that is kind of directionally, what can we do to turn off search engines? We've got some superintendents that do this in Google with their they're struggling with is the power that ChatGPT, or the life as above and beyond

Unknown Speaker  1:13:49
what Google. Yes, you're

Mike Pierle  1:13:50
like, why are they using Google? They should be using minimum Gemini, right? Yeah, just trying to, how do you what can we take away, because there's something people just act naturally. They do what they've done for the last 15 years. Yeah, because Zac pulls together data, we're we're trying to research and understand there's 400 and what was it, guys, 450 ops. People don't even have PDX. And so if you look at the use utilization at 1000 people, 70% are either not licensed or barely even scratching the surface. So there's a huge audience there that we're seeing. But I do think some of it is you have to change the behavior.

Speaker 1  1:14:47
Well, I also did your whole like otter gotta read you don't think people read the notes if they don't

Mike Pierle  1:14:53
go to the meeting. One of my famous he matched the delete button. His source of information was standing on the front deck of the trailer, and he could tell you everything that was going on, and he'd go confirm it, and he would redirect the best of the best are the people who are interacting with people. That's my anxiety around this is a people business in our subcontractors, which is a whole nother part of this conversation, I don't think

Speaker 1  1:15:27
talk about who should be and should be in the people part. We should not right, like for CRG, for example, we have they work every week, every month. So we would have a Northeast Region meeting, an Atlanta meeting, southeast region, Phoenix, Southwest Region meeting, and we have all of our capital marketing, all of our legal on it, and we go through every single project. And a lot of people were there just to kind of be aware of what was going on, the real people. This is even before got here, the real people that needed was Chris McKee, me and the deal person, right? That was that everyone else was there for awareness and and so now those are every other we've done a great job of saying all don't really need to be on there, but everybody changed our meeting culture. But now you can have the otter be in the call and distribute it to the people who actually might want to know what's on there, so people who need to be on call. The other just a thought that came up for me, a tool I use both with my open call and with Clark. You guys built the daily brief. Is always called or what you built the daily brief. It's sort of a built in who knows, like Clark, like cowork hands, that's okay, so you're all going to know exactly what it is. And like now I treat ChatGPT like Google. If I just want to know an answer to something, I go ChatGPT. If I'm like, working agentically. I'm like, and so one of the things that I do, I set up one thing the other day, every email that I sent to somebody and they've responded and I haven't seen their response, I just want that report so I have a button I push, and it summarizes every email that he's responded back to me from email that I founded first, specifically just a button I push. I created my own morning briefing, which I've taught it, so that anytime I want to remember anything, oh, don't forget to call this person. Don't forget to call that person. It knows. Just collect all of those until I tell them to go away. Actually know where I am based off my travel schedule, because it can read, by the way, this is totally safe. And inside of the enterprise, it connects to your outlook and your mail. It can read. It can see where all your meetings for the day. And first thing it does is it highlights. Here are your conflicts for the day. How do you want to handle this? Here's the weather, where you're at today. Here's some Thought for the Day based off of everything I know about everything you're working on. And then, oh, here's all your reminders. First thing, here's your schedule for the day broken down into a way I actually said I'm Ed. And then it goes into news that we're in that project I'm specifically working on. Then it goes into competitor news. And then it goes into general, like economic news that may impact the business, all in one place every morning, right? And I can push it, and you run it in any time, and you can cut everyone here. Can customize that for exactly what they want. So where I'm going with that is the otter thing, if there's certain meetings you want a summary of they can connect into there in your morning briefing, and as you just wake up and start your day, and you read this one thing that like will be addictive to you the way I start my days now they don't have every meeting that like you didn't need to be in but needed to know something. So that's a great way to make sure people actually see it like going on otter.com

Speaker 8  1:19:17
well and Shawn and Mike, I think a minimum that otter will take us from, say, we routinely get 50% meeting minutes done, 25% of them are good, right? If we can elevate that while taking that admin burden off of our bees, yeah, right, we'll now have, you know, just from risk mitigation and documentation standpoint, 100% need to go back for claims or whatever,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:41
and those are populated into the

Speaker 13  1:19:42
meeting that form, and the person can just review that. I'm all about that, but I do think

Mike Pierle  1:19:49
one of the things that's got to be solved for is getting the action items out, because that's what gets lost over time, and so getting that consolidated for a project team, so that there's an action item mark with the team owns that items and staff meeting. So there's a lot of better, I think, a

Brendan Lind  1:20:20
really valuable point to your thing of, hey, just being honest, I don't go into otter. Look. And I'm like, the vast majority people don't go in honor look at it. I don't even go into otter and look at it, right? So it's like, the key is, how do we start building these workflows that are actually simpler, that are streamlined and they unlock immense value? And I think Shawn's whole point is, like, this is, there's some beautiful things you can do here that just bring your whole life together and tie it together in a really, really nice way, and then start unlocking those things. And that's and I would, I think the points are so good. And my My comment would be, if you're using something, you're like, I'm in Otter, but I never go to it. Am I missing something? How do I get more value out of this? Like, reach out to us, because that's such a great opportunity for us to be like, Hey, let's make sure you go and we get this daily brief setup.

Speaker 14  1:21:15
You should present that at that Friday morning. If it blasts the meeting cut because people want to see that, you show them you're doing that.

Speaker 6  1:21:22
Yeah, that's, that's my thing, advertising use cases, because you've, you've thrown out three in the last hour or so that I would have never even thought it's possible. Yeah, and whether it's a quick highlight, kind of like we do our rising tide in our Friday meeting, if it's a quick highlight there, if it's as simple as an email that you send out weekly. You know, people send you use cases throughout the week. They win a $20 gift card if you use theirs or something like that. Anyways, you collect the use cases and weekly report out, because these use cases, they make you think other things, oh, that would help me with the similar task. And it grows from there. And I think remade videos that sort of activity and

Unknown Speaker  1:22:03
then send it to everybody,

Speaker 6  1:22:06
or something as simple as like the LJC plumb line that's done monthly or quarterly, except it's a weekly AI use case. Let's do it.

Speaker 9  1:22:30
Tab we need, I think one point clarification, no one is trying to eliminate the Friday pm meeting. We just want to streamline. It's very valuable from

Unknown Speaker  1:22:43
an hour to 30 minutes, an hour to

Unknown Speaker  1:22:46
ceremony, an hour.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai