Speaker 1  00:00
Gets read in blue, and quantified as not necessary for day

Speaker 2  00:08
one. Okay, so I'm going to go through this, and just I was marking up while Astrid was talking about mechanical, and we can talk in more detail. There are two riser diagrams, two sheets, one is two services and the other is two services. The first one is really more that I'll say the second sheet is focused on the R and D space only, and the first sheet is everything else, so we have we have our 12 kv gear that's fed from PNMs meter and we have four medium voltage fuse, which is that serve each of the four transformers, and those four transformers each serve a main breaker, and then the main one of one of four main switchboards in the main electrical room. So, starting with Courtney, we're putting in all four services, correct?

Speaker 1  01:20
That's correct. We're putting in this switch here, okay. So, good, Dominik. Do you have a question? Sorry, no,

Speaker 2  01:32
not a question. To comment in parallel to everything you've been saying about going to code minimum, so it sounds like all the lab spaces are taking up the ceilings, the lighting, which I think previously was 50 foot candles. There could be an opportunity to go down to code their own lighting for e-res. We're just trying to follow the logic of everything you've established.

Speaker 1  02:00
Yeah, that's right. I think it's for the lab space, not the admin space, but the lab space. It's there's there's no ceilings, there's no depth work, not even the HVAC units serving

Speaker 2  02:13
it right. Yeah, so it's core and shell space, it's TCO. So it's what we call stumble lighting, stumble lighting code architecture

Speaker 2  02:31
code minimum lighting minimum what we call GTA lighting some people Yes, GTH.

Unknown Speaker  02:45
Right, first stumble. It's just it's a Texas term. Go to hell, and then maybe throw it

Ryan Hankins  03:01
away when we're lucky, goes right description of what we're doing here. Yeah, tell them Jeremy to go to help.

Speaker 2  03:16
I'm sorry, it's not about this promote, yeah. Well, we'll provide what's minimum required, so minimum lighting falls that. So, I think we understand. So, going through this, we have two large Courtney, we have two large 3000 3000 amps switch boards served from the main switchboard that feed the cub motor loads, are those in the corn shell, or is that make ready work?

Speaker 1  03:54
So they feed the cub motor loads. Oh, gotcha. Yeah, I would say so. That is, that is, that's what you can solve. So, it is a piece, it is a panel, electrical panel.

Speaker 2  04:09
Okay, so it gets, it gets this kind of treatment, and I'll, I'll get my rectangles to, I can just do a different option, so are we going to, are we just going to leave space in the switchboard for a circuit breaker to be added, or are they, are we providing a circuit breaker? How far are we going to go, I I guess I'm gonna recommend we just

Unknown Speaker  04:47
go ahead, yeah, we can provide a so you're, yeah, we can provide a

Speaker 2  04:57
circuit breaker. Do we buy this or not buy this? We can, we can. do the same, so there's an equal scenario on this side for the cup, and we'll, we'll highlight that the lab areas we have to 1200 amp feeders going to the lab. I'm assuming we buy the breaker, but we don't install the feeders of the distribution associated with the lab space. That's correct now. that is correct. Yeah, okay. Then we have distribution going to the mechanical units. These are feeding the rooftop air handling units. Some of them aren't going in, but some of them are correct.

Speaker 1  06:01
Sounds, yeah, that's right, Suzy. Yeah, so I'll have to coordinate with you on which you meant we would

Speaker 2  06:06
keep, and then scenario on which ones would be removed. Okay, I think we would, should we keep the distribution for all of them here, but but then in this schedule mark off which ones come out? Should we still size the mechanical equipment distribution for all of them, or should we downsize it?

Speaker 2  06:40
Maybe we, maybe we put in one, and then we shell these sec and switch everything over to just the one board. How's that?

Speaker 1  07:00
It's something to keep in mind, also is that the remaining air hell units will become RT use,

Speaker 2  07:06
and those will have larger electrical loads. So, any have preliminary selections for that, we'll mark this up in more detail, but we'll try to put, we'll try to create one switchboard for the ones that go in as part of the shell, and then leave a breaker for the future ones.

Speaker 2  07:36
This distribution is for the admin area, it gets out way back, but we'll, I think we retain this, and then we just lose the branch circuiting associated with the cut back, and maybe we resize this. Is that funny? Is that the right approach, Courtney? Or do we? Sorry, that one is the Susie. This is for the admin area. This is for the.. and it's cut in half. Should we, should we resize it, or should we leave? It's not a big.. I think I would say we

Speaker 1  08:19
could easily, in this session, cut it in half, Susie.

Unknown Speaker  08:23
Okay, because we're

Speaker 1  08:25
getting rid of, I think, over 50% of the square footage, so I think probably just say, you know, throw some numbers on that, say this. This branch is going to be 50% of what it's okay for. It is

Speaker 3  08:40
got it, do Okay, and

Speaker 2  08:55
then we've got distribution for EV charging in the parking lot that has to be retained, is that correct? The

Speaker 4  09:06
electric vehicle charging is there. I don't, I don't remember off the top of my head what the requirement is for electric vehicles and what's remaining, and if that's amazing, also I would have to run some things down. Okay, and

Speaker 2  09:20
we will too. I'll just take that. I'm just going to pull it first. I'm just

Speaker 4  09:24
going to cloud it for us. There needs to be a little research into the requirements for that. Okay,

Speaker 2  09:38
this is a general corn shell distribution board. I'm going to look into it a little deeper and see what we need to retain as well, and whether or not we can. My, my gold colors is a reduction in size, so on we will also on this side we have the cub that we are reducing, so there's significant changes on this, is our emergency distribution, the generator, we're downsizing the emergency generator from 600 kw back down to 250 just for the life safety, we're going to delete this, is this anything it starts with an O is the critical function or optional, not non life safety method itself, but this is coming out, is my understanding, right, Courtney, that any emergency power for for the lab for the equipment for Jeremy's equipment comes out, and this, this was the capacity for future, so that that red that red is just it's gone, not even provisioned for, and this is the revision in size

Speaker 1  11:08
revision and scope production, but we just didn't eliminate some of the panels associated with provisions, so that's

Speaker 2  11:18
so we'll do that all right, and we'll, we'll do some size checking here, where we, where it's not super clear, but we will do so. Here's the, this is the second sheet, and this is essentially the distribution for the R&D space, so we are buying these main switch ports, correct? That are we buying? Let me put that as a question.

Speaker 4  11:49
Yes, we absolutely should buy the four 5000 switch meter. Okay, yeah.

Speaker 2  11:59
And then we are not providing these were all in blue, so they were phase two anyways, but we are highlighting them. These are the critical switch boards under here that are that TAE equipment is feeding, those were in our budget. Those come out, is that yes? I think, or I think, for you want to price them, price those deduct correct, price them as a deduct. Okay, correct.

Speaker 1  12:36
What we're doing right now is we are quantifying, right? So, okay, I haven't had this formal conversation with Jeremy or Keith yet. I just want to show them that this is actually machine installed, not needed for day one, and we're carrying machine install items in here, so it's not formally eliminated or deducted or just quantified,

Speaker 2  13:01
okay, and then asked, should we have mechanical equipment? We have mechanical panels associated with the RT use for the RMD space. Those are coming out right, like those are being priced as

Unknown Speaker  13:20
we would overtake, I think, at least two units, so these are not. We eliminate four

Speaker 2  13:29
of the thick. Okay, so these are going to get resized essentially

Unknown Speaker  13:37
to just show what's required. We'll mark up the sizing here,

Speaker 2  13:51
or maybe define what the added size is. We'll figure out the best way to do it for this pricing exercise, do so according for this pricing exercise that I asked this question earlier and just want to re-ask it again, the underground work, yes, associated with getting everything over to this location, I'm going to pull up a, do you mind if I pull up a visual? We've got seven minutes left, but let's.. let me see if I think this is gonna. nope, that is not gonna do it.

Unknown Speaker  14:40
Strange.

Speaker 2  14:49
No, that's not the plan. Huh? Okay, give me just a second. No.

Speaker 2  15:09
No, somebody got the see I

Speaker 2  15:38
No, I'm trying to pull up a plan, and something is renamed incorrectly on my side, so I'm struggling with getting a great plan.

Speaker 5  15:56
How about if Clayco, we just will just price that underground duct back work, you guys are having there to feed all that stuff. We'll just break that price out, so you can determine if you wanted to enter one. About that's

Speaker 2  16:09
a great solution, Mike. Thank you. There we go. There we go. Let's see, I think that's that's probably the best approach than going through all of this, but there's a to answer your question from before, Courtney, that there is a lot of underground work, it could get installed in some cases overhead, it's if a portion of the central plan is gone and not built out, it's.. it'd be difficult to get these feeders in overhead through the RMD space without it's just hard without impacting the operation, rich crane operation, and it's just not an easy installation, very expensive installation after the fact. Yeah, and I'm inclined

Speaker 1  17:13
not to make it too, too different for them. So, I'm inclined to keep this in. Susie, would it be either serve the panels or

Speaker 2  17:23
so they are feeding their these feeders are feeding the ing equipment and everything on the IMG platforms, they're feeding a lot of the R and D equipment installed,

Speaker 1  17:39
so I think it's a wise choice to keep all that underground, because the next team is going to be fighting for space, since we, yeah, is it trenches? There's just, yeah, it's..

Speaker 2  17:53
I agree with that, but I like Mike's approach, so you know what the value of this is, so you can go back to Keith and Jeremy saying we have this under, so it's there's essentially six duct banks, and then three to that banks, because they're such long poles, have underground boxes, each one of these elements is not extremely expensive in and of itself, but there's a lot of work involved here. There's a lot of conduit on everything that's in the main electrical room is already overhead, and then there are essentially two feeders, three two sets of theaters, one two sets are going to the lab, and one set is going to the admin area. Those will get resized,

Speaker 4  18:54
but we have our fire. Thank you, Susie. Real quick,

Ryan Hankins  19:04
I think Ryan will send this stuff out. So, yes, that'd be helpful if you send it out. If I go to that second one line, basically we're saying is we're basically cutting all of the equipment that's south of the main gear, and we're providing a alternate ad for all the underground, that's kind of what we're doing,

Ryan Hankins  19:37
quantifying it, yeah, it's we're quantifying, and then, and then the phase one one line, the first one line, it's we're still providing a lot of it, but we're removing some equipment, and we're installing some underground

Ryan Hankins  19:57
mic. Mike, is that makes sense? Is that what you were hearing?

Speaker 5  20:02
That's doable. doable, yeah, that's that's doable. We could, we can break this down, other than anything that we've got, and you know, break it down. We can probably, if we've got everything identified on the one line, as far as what's production and what's house, you know, day one house production day two, however, phrased it. We should be able to price that up and break it out just about any way we want to look at it for a cherry picking shopping list.

Ryan Hankins  20:35
Yes, but Mike, you need it today. That's the like in a couple hours. I don't think you're gonna be able to do that in a couple hours,

Speaker 5  20:44
yeah, a couple hours after I get back from PTO, so you know, so it will, it won't take very long to resort this out, as far as changing the equipment, changing the feeder sizes, you know, about a week to get it back with the deducts from the suppliers. That's that's what we're going to need. I'd like to get validation from our

Ryan Hankins  21:10
park departments as well, plus, plus, minus 25 30% Mike, just, and then just be honest about with me about where you're, where you think the contingencies needed to be covered,

Speaker 4  21:38
maybe we'll touch back base again after this, if that's okay,

Speaker 2  21:43
or are we done? Let us, I think, if you guys have questions, I'll let you jump, but if you, if you have questions, reach out. We need the time to mark up our drawings. Yeah, I think we're pretty clear. Perfect. Thank you later. Thanks.

Ryan Hankins  22:14
Silver estimators get hung up a little bit, so you have to kind of just like talk them through it. Yeah, they're like, wait, what? Like, in a couple hours. Hours, they want to do a good job.

Speaker 4  22:25
Yeah, they want to do a good job, and they're all trained. Yeah, I, what Bill told me is that these microphones are very sensitive. So, just letting you all know, the microphones are very sensitive people who are online, just throw that out there.

Unknown Speaker  22:40
If there's. did I swear there's I swear conversation?

Speaker 4  22:45
It makes it so that they can't hear, but now you guys, now I'm remember. Hi, the hard time before

Speaker 3  22:56
sharing Microsoft Teams. Hello, can you all hear us? Bill, can you say something?

Unknown Speaker  23:15
I did it in the wrong word, and I'll be right back. It's like these are things that just said increase,

Unknown Speaker  23:25
but that's why you can go on order I On

Ryan Hankins  23:56
Susie, she's does she leave Meyers Plus?

Unknown Speaker  24:01
Okay, she's like the oh,

Unknown Speaker  24:05
we can hear you. Oh, oh, good. Don't worry, it's gonna happen.

Speaker 4  24:13
Okay. Hi. Apologies for that little technical difficulty delay. Hello, good morning, people, for being here. Hi to the fire lunches office. So, I don't know if you want to just meet with people on the phone, or if you already met some of the people, or we've been sitting quietly. Oh, cool, have fun. Okay, sounds good. Well, I'm Rebecca Bellam, and I'm here in the Albert with the office of San Tech, and maybe we'll just do a quick introduction of the people in the room, and then ask you, our kind of give you our little mini presentation that we wanted to run by you this morning, so Courtney,

Speaker 1  25:01
yes, I I think I met most of you folks last year around June ish time. Very nice to see you guys again. Courtney Richardson in construction lead been working with the Stantec Clayco team to get this permitted and constructed.

Speaker 6  25:17
Nick Rivera, I'll be the construction manager overseeing execution in the field with Pacific Fusion,

Speaker 4  25:24
we have more people in the room who are very important, but they're, they're just sitting here, so unless you want to, James, please introduce yourself.

Speaker 7  25:32
I'm James, Quas Engineering for Pacific Fusion. Do you want to intro?

Ryan Hankins  25:38
Ryan Hankins with Clayco, project executive, do you want to introduce yourself as I was sure Erica store

Speaker 4  25:48
preconstruction with Clayco. Okay, and then on the phone, Bill, do you want to just start off the introductions?

Speaker 8  26:00
I'm Bill Huey, architect and PSE, based in San Francisco, and we have Dom Ed Wood on the line, architect based in Austin, Texas, and then Rebecca, our local project manager, and then the important folks in the room, I'm going to John Jesse Eagle.

Speaker 9  26:26
Hello, how important I am. I'm John Watson with Jensen Muse. I'm the DMV services lead at Jensen Muse. So, we do quite a bit of an introspective while working on Cookie Precipient, and we're here as the fire protection

Unknown Speaker  26:51
room here support sites,

Speaker 3  26:58
and then Jeremy, hello. My name is Jeremy Nixon. I'm the head of Fusion Reparations for Pacific Fusion. Neil

Unknown Speaker  27:11
Roberts, I'm a senior systems engineer. You guys know Deborah, I'm assuming. Okay. All right.

Speaker 4  27:22
Well, that's everybody. Sorry that I did those introductions in like the rudest way possible, but thank you all for being here. We appreciate it. I'm going to share my screen, and we just have a brief presentation to kind of just throw, throw at you, and okay, so oh no. Well, I'm the only person who can see you guys now. Are people in her pants? But just interrupt, interrupt if you have any questions or anything. So, to give a little bit of history for the fire marshal's office, and you may already know this, you've been in conversations. I know Pacific Fusion. They've been having early conversations with you. Back in 2025 Decker started this process, and they have written this letter about using the special industrial occupancy for our facility, and so moving forward, we're, we're using that same justification that they had, and then we're kind of building on that based on where the project is now. So that's where we're at. We, for the code compliance strategy, we're assuming that all f1 occupancies fall under this special industrial occupancy, all f1 occupancies are therefore exempt from the height and area limitations from the IBC and New Mexico building code perspective, and for the phase one building, we're proceeding with having only group B and group f1 occupancies in the building, and then some of the updates that we are making from that September 2025 letter is that there have there's been a minor increase in overall building square footage from 225 to 250,000 square feet, and we're we're proceeding with separating the B and f1 areas with a three hour fire barrier, and then there are future areas of the building, future uses and operations of the building that are going to be regulated by the New Mexico Environment Department, and so we've kind of identified some of those, those areas in

Speaker 3  29:44
particular, right now. Yeah, don't worry.

Speaker 4  29:54
It's not that I'm not trying to, it's just that I can't figure out how to move it forward.

Speaker 1  30:00
Oh, there, I did it. Thanks, Rebecca. Yeah, so under the SIO, we were able to meet our building height requirements, and based on some of the occupancy spaces within the facility, we've identified fireplace safety plans, or Rebecca has it conveyed on this floor plan here. The red line is the fire separation along the admin space of the laboratory and R and D space. This is when we move forward with this design. There's also some other additional future uses in this space. Rebecca brought up that the New Mexico Environmental Department will be permitting and licensing those spaces in the future, so if we go to slide four and slide five, we just wanted to make you aware of this, so this is, we do have radiological material that will be in this building somewhere around 2029 but this falls under the state licensing process through the environmental department. These are just a few spaces here. We just wanted to make you aware of this, but this is something that's going to come several years down the road. But we've pulled together a fire like safety plan with kind of that future use of life. Yeah, I think I mean I think

Speaker 9  31:30
just is to confirm with the city that the approach using the special industrial occupancy is still acceptable, that's primarily official, but because of the application of particular kinds of activities that you've been coming through here, there's there's some interest, I'm sure, from the fire department as well. So kind of the purpose of this call is to is to revisit that SIO letter that had been set in UC by Decker highlighted

Unknown Speaker  32:17
as Becker has done minor changes that are going on, one of the things that

Speaker 9  32:23
the team has presented is a separation of the business occupancy from the industrial PR fire barrier, which, strictly speaking, isn't required by the both, but providers with the ability to identify two different fire barriers, one that has the business occupancy, the other that holds within Quality versus the SIO, and we just want to present this information to the city to see if there are additional thoughts or concerns the city might have with regards to this approach. The building itself is in that SIO area, the laboratory space and the research development space has a building that's up to 100 feet

Unknown Speaker  33:17
tall, 100 feet tall. Some areas that are 17 tall, some areas of the 45 feet,

Speaker 9  33:23
and so we're using that with our type two beam construction to find some flexibility in the in the application, and because the type two beam construction is not, you know, has limitations on the amount of the height that we're exceeding, which is why we need to be excited. So it's kind of that whole picture that we wanted to bring to the table, and just see if there were anything other elements that need to be discussed with the city before we start submitting these documents forward.

Speaker 3  34:01
Yes, Tom. Thank you. stuff,

Speaker 4  34:14
yeah. I know that we're just presenting it now, so if you're, if you need to think about it and come back with with questions, let us know, but that's great to hear, Deborah, that you don't have any further concerns with the with the approach, so I'm not sure if Clint or anyone in the fires, Fire Marshal Brian's have any questions, I Okay, great. Well, then maybe it's a very short meeting, which is good. We just wanted to make sure that we're keeping you all in the loop and kind of let you know our approach and make sure that we're, we have some aligned up with you, so thank you. We really appreciate you taking the time, and I think that might be it. That might be the whole meeting. Bill, do you have anything else? I just.. I just wanted

Speaker 8  35:15
to make sure that you guys know that not necessarily to reach out if you do have questions that come up, so we can be proactive, so yeah,

Speaker 4  35:30
we're here to work with these, yeah. Please reach out if you have questions. And thank you, thank you all so much for taking the time. We really appreciate it. Thank you, Jen and Neil. Thank you, John, and Jesse. We appreciate all of your time, and hope you have a great day. Okay. Short, sweet. Okay,

Speaker 4  35:59
that was short. That's good, but at least they've seen it, and I can see that Courtney was so scared that I hadn't changed the slide that I did change it. She's like, she was like, she wanted me to skip slide three because she thought I hadn't changed it, but I hadn't changed.

Unknown Speaker  36:22
She wasn't trans too, but I should have to use it, I

Speaker 4  37:33
I'm so sorry, James, that I was.. I wasn't meaning to catalyze that. It's okay. I honestly don't like doing introductions. Well, I don't mind it all this time, but that was

Unknown Speaker  37:50
it. It was so rude, like that was unacceptable. I missed

Speaker 4  37:57
it. There's other people sitting in the room, but they essentially don't matter, but that's not why everybody matters, and everyone's important. I just thought that maybe not everybody was going to be interested in that meeting, is what I didn't listen to anymore, so I should have never..

Speaker 7  38:15
when you said it was over, I was like, "Oh, okay, wow, I got everything. Yeah, gave an intro. intro for the majority of the meeting I

Speaker 3  40:00
You, by the way, we never, we didn't include any of the joint or anything, the capacitors we need to add that back to the yeah,

Ryan Hankins  40:28
because we, that was something we talked about after

Speaker 1  40:32
we submitted capacity that that currently nobody's carrying that scope, ta you mentioned that they're not installing it, they're just in commission. Isn't that awesome? Like, I don't.. I haven't thought of that in a while. You know how conversations go talking to their business development. I asked that question up front. You guys take care of everything turnkey, like

Unknown Speaker  41:01
installing everything. ULS teams include field certification, that's an extra $375,000 Does include install.

Unknown Speaker  41:16
These people survive niche market. Yeah, like TAE is also,

Speaker 1  41:24
they're doing something. They are a fusion company. Are they directly competing with initial confinement fusion? No. Are they going to be able to achieve what I don't.. the only reason why I think they're major players, because Truth Social is not backing them.

Unknown Speaker  41:41
Truth Social, I gave them Okay, yeah, exactly. Is that fake news, or

Speaker 1  42:00
I actually went down and saw their demonstration facility in Irvine. It's cool, right? Like, I am not a physicist. I did not come in the fusion industry, so I'm still very ignorant how all these different technologies work. But they have an interesting concept of using non-radiological material, and they create, they create like two plasma O rings that basically converge, yeah, when it converges, it creates a switching magnetic field, very similar to like solar, though, yeah, which creates inductance, so they somehow are able to skip like in a regular power plant, like a heat exchange process to create electricity, because they are creating a fluctuating magnetic field straight to create electricity. Have they done it? No. But that's the concept. Yeah, interesting. Okay, I mean, I'm talking, has our company done it yet? No, but it's a cool idea. Yeah, so are we buying a system from them that we don't know works? No. So Tae started in the 80s, and yeah, they started working on fusion in the 80s, but they have a number of subsidiary companies because of the because of the process that they used it found useful for medical applications, treating cancer, and they had to solve their own electrical demand problem in Southern California Edison, because they needed like temperature loss, so they ended up building their own energy load size system to support their demonstration system, and realized, hey, we developed this, there's a use for it at the utility level, and at like large institution level, this could be a passive income for us, just like Tesla and the Powerball solar panels, right? So actually, TA has been surviving off of all of these passive incomes in city areas. I don't know. Is it interesting? And now they merged their social culture platform. Yeah, it's just such an interesting phone book. It's kind of like how Tesla doesn't really make any money off their EVs, but they're staying afloat through the energy, yeah, through FSD. That's it. Basically, robbed everybody. Yeah,

Ryan Hankins  44:36
crazy times. I apologize, I

Unknown Speaker  44:43
am like scroll brain right now. Somebody take a copy away from me. So, at the Highlight safety meeting. I was trying to see me know.

Speaker 4  45:05
Yeah, this is probably underestimating us.

Ryan Hankins  45:20
Me, I'm pretty confident we're there. No, I'm pretty confident between mechanical and electrical, I just talked to Rankin, and I'm talking through it, and he was like, I'm super uncomfortable with giving a number today, and I was like, well, let's think about this, about what's left. Us estimators are very covered up, right? So I walked him through, I walked him through what's left, and I said, hey, if we're just providing two units in the R&D space, if we're taking our amount of duct work. I was like, give me the amount of, you know, cost of duct work you think we have in that area. If we whack it in half, if we rip out, you know, if we're just doing comfort cooling, we'll call it in the, in the cub, and nothing else. I was like, we should be saving like 15, 20 million, he's like, yeah, and so he's gonna look into it a little bit more, but I think just in mechanical we're getting really close to where you need to be in direct cost on the electrical side, like I said, just direct, and then on the electrical side, like I really want Cowboy to go think through this more, but I think we're at your target that we were looking for, so,

Speaker 4  46:35
so I'm going to add two scope reductions at the bottom, so they get their number, I added

Speaker 1  46:48
43 I'm sure it needs to be broken up in all ways, right?

Speaker 3  46:52
Okay, let me look at the old year sheet. I got that open right here. Okay, yeah, I think

Speaker 1  47:02
this slide right here, guys, is really where I think he needs to like electrical distribution, and it really just, I think it's definitely H, I should call it HVAC for meetings with RNA space, so that that $25 disk work, but the ID space is not cutting it for electrical HVAC chilled water systems. I mean, I don't think we're at.. we held an allocation for like $550 square foot forward to the eye for the 65 space at one point. I know, like, where we are. Some of that,

Speaker 7  47:56
I think we should talk through that. 550 because it seems like Hains was carrying that for all for the lab. Yeah, good. So, so their TI for the lab was about 155 per square foot, should you don't think I'm looking at their, their performer, and your performance,

Ryan Hankins  48:19
that's that's nothing. Well, yeah, yeah, seriously,

Speaker 7  48:23
I might be messing up, because what they're doing here is like this is the number that, yeah, maybe like what is they were using 60,000 square feet. I know,

Ryan Hankins  48:35
I think the way to describe it is, I think the way to describe it is not that we're reducing scope, it's that here's the new scope for mechanical, like all we're doing is this, this, and this, right? So this, it is. This is the number, like this, and I got Ryan comfortable after I talked through, like, hey, this is how you need to think about it, like, yeah. Our number was here reduced 11. The plugs there,

Ryan Hankins  49:05
otherwise, like, we're just gonna spin out of control. No, this is the all-in delivery. Yeah, this is what I think. Electrical is not going to have the TI

Speaker 7  49:20
for the, yeah. So they have that 40 all in for the office was 250

Ryan Hankins  49:27
My making you uncomfortable? It's probably to the building, maybe

Unknown Speaker  49:47
we don't really know what the cost us today

Ryan Hankins  50:09
unless they wanted to delete all the drywall space, so this is the

Speaker 7  50:20
whole don't Says the movies, so like, right, right here, good, good, I mean, I'm having a great time, yeah, here is

Unknown Speaker  50:52
Yeah, I think if you give me that, that'll help me kind of, yeah, no, that doesn't really get backwards enough, but

Ryan Hankins  51:02
it, you know, Courtney, one more thing to note is that there are risks associated with deferring some of the scope, like cutting into a brand new roof and installing steel underneath for ages, like, and we're going to do that 1215 times. Yeah, so like, if if he starts, no, so like, there's there's risk associated with just going in and retrofitting a brand new building when you're getting a brand new building, and all of a sudden now you're cutting holes in it versus constructing it the right way first, getting a better warranty, because we're gonna butcher our warranty, exactly fair, you got to get, I mean, we're going to be potentially spray fireproofing, and anything they do under the roof is going to scrape off fireproofing, and so, like, having us do it, we're not with 2b but, but we are okay, I didn't. I wasn't listening to that. Okay. Yes. Yeah. I mean, like, it's not just that. There's more, frankly. I don't mean Jeremy is super smart guy. I think I trust him with the process install. I don't know if he can really handle a lot of this infrastructure work on top of the process install. I think he's gonna, he's gonna need to hire several people to help him figure that out.

Ryan Hankins  52:42
You know what I mean.

Ryan Hankins  52:48
We'll see where it lands. Yeah, we'll see where it lands.

Unknown Speaker  52:51
It has been an uphill battle

Speaker 1  52:56
from our history in this company, and until they came on board, I was like fighting battles.

Speaker 1  53:09
Yeah, but it's, I mean, it's a, it's a larger project that has to be faced out. Yeah, that's fair.

Ryan Hankins  53:21
You know, the one thing that I don't even want to say, I The developer model, they care about resale, right, but there are people out there that would have helped lease you guys back the building over time and not care the future use necessarily, like we're seeing that now more and more in the industry, with just think about it like your next project, but

Ryan Hankins  54:01
not developers, though, like you don't want to go to like LPC or like somebody who has like really deep pockets and they can go get you somebody that just wants to be paid back on a, like, hey, I'm gonna, I'm gonna lend you $300 million and I'm gonna get paid back over the next 1020, years, and I'm gonna make, you know, 30, 40% of my money. How did they underwrite?

Speaker 1  54:21
So, I totally understand that we understood well with developers, is how do you underwrite that risk. How do you underwrite a risk from something that's not casual? Right, that's very

Ryan Hankins  54:40
fair. I keep forgetting, as you're a startup. Yeah, never mind. Strike that, yeah. And I was spent a lot of, spent a lot of time

Speaker 1  55:05
when we were initially working with the developer, just for like all our prep services, we went out to equity brokers like East Hi Steel were equity workers, so they basically worked with like the Black Procs equity for a project. What was very clear in the beginning was like, Courtney, you need an equity partner, because you don't have money. We, we understand you're going to be able to run this facility, and, but we can't price all of that out, because you will become less desirable to an equity partner, they're not going to underwrite all of that, so we have to price you in line with typical industrial, right, and typical industrial, for like 70 feet, scraped all this data for 70 feet around like $800 or to 100 foot 100 to $1,000 a square foot, but the reality is equity market is only will piece of that, so not only is was there an understanding of like it's gonna cost you this much to build everything, including what Jeremy's building, but you need to come down to actually bring in equity partners to be able to help underwrite a deal, right, and they're only going

Ryan Hankins  56:37
to need this, so now it becomes a more complicated structure and capital stack.

Speaker 1  56:42
Well, whatever happened on the back end is Courtney was carrying 250 and I understood well that that 250 was shy of all of the journey work that needs to happen. I don't think that was fully understood, and

Unknown Speaker  57:09
I set up my design fees to be full of turnkey,

Speaker 1  57:15
but and that's just when we decided to go from turnkey to like green box, I knew in that moment we were

Speaker 3  57:26
seeking that cause, like going back to all of the designers to man,

Ryan Hankins  57:38
this has been fun for you guys. Yeah, I can. Holy crap. Was

Ryan Hankins  57:58
all coming, it's all converging. Yeah, so that is true. But now we'll, we'll get there today. We're pretty confident, honestly.

Unknown Speaker  58:10
honestly, right? I don't think we should. I think that we should at least install HMS. I just want them to see,

Speaker 3  58:23
especially parents to move yeah,

Speaker 6  58:43
Keith wants me to, he needs to know what our estimated water usage is going to be at the facility. How do you

Ryan Hankins  58:53
go to your utility matrix and then multiply it by two?

Ryan Hankins  59:04
Why does he want to know that? But he sent it like

Speaker 6  59:10
a very weird email, like subject, saying that it's urgent, but some other words behind it too. So that means drop what you're doing,

Ryan Hankins  59:30
I Yes, very nice.

Speaker 6  59:48
I forgot a mouse the other day, and I was like, can't use my laptop, I feel so

Speaker 4  59:54
my mouse, yeah, I, the dog, all got lost, so I have to use my track pad, and I don't know what this doggone goes to my mouse at my desk, so I can't live, yeah, so this is not fun with that thing, this this goes to my desk mouse, but not your

Ryan Hankins  1:00:10
travel mouse. Is it a Logitech? Yeah, you can. You can hook it up to that, really? Yeah. See, I don't know. Well, some of

Speaker 6  1:00:18
your the Logitech mouses, I have my travel mouse. I can either do, I could use the dongle or I could pair it on Bluetooth. You just have to open it up. I use it. Yeah, I use the dongle at home, usually, because I can plug it in my docking station.

Ryan Hankins  1:00:41
I was like, why is she not using a mouse? Yeah, so those things are typically universal now. Yeah, it should be, should be able to be paired. If you have to have the Logitech app on your usage, well, it's not going to work by you just doing this subject, like you have to like set it up, you have to like have the Logitech app, and then you have to pair. Okay, okay.

Ryan Hankins  1:01:19
Logitech unifying software. There you go. That's it. Next.

Ryan Hankins  1:02:00
I mean, I probably did both finally headed out, so thank

Speaker 3  1:02:28
I actually have Lucy now as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:08
It four years straight at Tesla, like this energy level

Speaker 1  1:03:23
right now, like for four years straight,

Speaker 4  1:03:34
I actually, yes, not everyone can do it for a sustained amount of time. Oh, that was me, Tara. I left a terrified Erica, but I was like, I was running at like constants, right? Yeah, I put on like 25 pounds.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:58
It's amazing, we'll just keep going.

Speaker 4  1:04:01
Yeah, I look at pictures, I was like, holy cow that happened to her. Oh, she worked at 90 hours and didn't ever go to the gym and ate crap and drink a lot, so it's the only way I could wind down.

Speaker 1  1:04:22
I remember the moment last January when I was, I was in a healthy defending commission. There was a monitor, and it was looking at everybody on the table, and I looked up as I was right next to the camera,

Ryan Hankins  1:04:46
like, okay. alright, so I'm not super clear on everything that has to happen today. Besides, for that, I just solved your problem,

Speaker 1  1:05:20
so we're going to put a - as soon as you guys get the suit at sketches - we're going to put a best guess to that number, make an app will happen to the messaging next Tuesday. Talk with Keith, there is a two-part conversation now. It's basically like, hey, this is all the scope production that you guys agreed to, and that we can accommodate, but I just want to let you know that there is an extra, like, 15 20 million here associated with downstream accommodations to make it super easy for machines. We don't have to do it. It's not needed for day one. We were designing to a level that was going to make things more efficient and ultimately more costly, but if you want to split up the scope this way,

Ryan Hankins  1:06:10
it's going to cost well, no. Before this, so like, we need to send you an email for this 15 20 million. When have we done today? Do we need join to be done? Do we need, like, like, is the schedule? Are you guys in good shape on the schedule now? Like, I mean, like, what else do we need to do to support you guys for the discussions with deliverables, or with..

Speaker 6  1:06:30
so I think we're going to get hammered on schedule, seeing that. So previously, yeah, so with the skill pushing, right? Originally, I think at RFQ, RFP, we were asking for a delivery team arrival of, I think, August or July, then Jeremy came back and said he wanted to come in April. I don't think we're gonna have steel on site until April, so Jeremy's, I think, panicky now, because they need to get in there and start installing the tank, as to not push their future milestones, they have to hit on the machine side, potentially impacting that facility game. So that's where he's starting to panic that it's going to push out and will impact that facility game, which is our major, major milestone for the company. So thinking about schedule, I think we'll have to look really hard at how we can possibly re-sequence getting the slab deferred, so it's probably not going to be ideal if they're in there. It's going to be a lot of coordination, because we get a slab in the four steel. I don't know how we could even.. we would have to figure out how to do that. First of all, at least the section that supports the MAS lab that supports the culture. I know that will probably require a lot of resequencing, probably different frames, which is something to start digesting and thinking about how we can potentially mitigate that.

Ryan Hankins  1:08:14
I believe our plan is to get that in before seal starts, not the, not necessarily like the ing area, but like that middle area, like we were trying to get all that done, so that we can be out of the way, because our cranes are setting from the outside. Okay, I thought they were setting from the inside. We want to stay out of the middle, and because of how freaking heavy these burners are, yeah. So you're thinking that these days maybe they're accurate, they're accurate.

Speaker 6  1:08:57
Yeah, I think that's the column that we're concerned about. We want to try to pull that early water tank install closer to April or May.

Speaker 1  1:09:07
I think we just haven't, where the disconnect is. Is the last time Jeremy class had this conversation, he was conveying it April days, and he was feeding us information. We haven't given him information back, saying, "Hey, that April day makes sense, like we just started to do the work to figure out what the schedule was supposed to look like, right. So this is the first time he's, how everything is tied together.

Ryan Hankins  1:09:36
I mean, so if you look at this, like steel arrives at the site in July, like to say that a month later you're an interview would take us off marketing, like we have to get creative, you they can't have the crane being installed over the tank as it's being erected, like there's just certain things that, like an OSHA, you just can't do, and I don't think your bridge, your rich crane installers, you want to be different. Yeah, we did talk

Speaker 1  1:10:05
about having leaving certain sections of the roof open towards the south end of the facility, giving the tank folks an opportunity to do this lab, and they could either jack it up or drop it in at the south end of the facility, that's that was the original one, so I guess if that scenario hasn't been taken any consideration. Yeah,

Ryan Hankins  1:10:41
I mean, like, the question is going to be like, what is going to be good enough? Like, I mean, if we just keep giving him time, like, at what point is he gonna be like, oh, it's good. I don't think it's gonna be good enough until it's 8.7

Speaker 1  1:10:58
We just keep pulling this data. Well, now right now Jeremy is Jeremy is in his head,

Ryan Hankins  1:11:07
but that's like that's like a change to everybody, that's a change to you guys, it's changed to us. This was the date that everybody was tracking, and we were trying to encounter all right.

Speaker 1  1:11:21
I don't know that we actually, I don't know that we actually told you that this was the date for the water

Speaker 6  1:11:27
tank, that's what we have in all of our documentation, it was an interview that was, yeah, that was in all the documentation that was a milestone we pulled out specifically.

Speaker 1  1:11:43
We had TCO. So water tank is something that I totally get it. Water tank is something they gave us to shoot for. We just, we just haven't said, "Hey, we can accommodate it, and we were trying to, we were trying to accommodate it. So, before you came on board, we started a conversation with Coach Crane about leaving the roof open to give Comic Cranes just a section of the building, and the delivery to the center of the building. So that conversation happened outside of you guys.

Ryan Hankins  1:12:17
So that's where he was starting to get,

Speaker 1  1:12:19
he was starting to back. Well, they were, they were banking on it. I think I think the next conversation that needs to happen is Clayco home frames business scenario. Can you do it?

Ryan Hankins  1:12:30
to do it. Yeah, I just, I mean, if you think about it, steel arrives, then we're giving, we're you're giving us three months to get out of your way, that's, you know, six months or six weeks for steel install, then like get the hell out of your way six weeks later, because we can't be working in there for those six weeks, so we've got six weeks to get the audio back, which means sealer sealer down any

Speaker 1  1:13:03
shape. Oh yeah, there's a lot going on with this, like roll dates, some funny demand is causing everything to shift, and that is a major force that's ready these days as well. That's not just anything, so I do think things are totally flex and totally free. I would say, if you guys even have a track with, like, this baseline,

Ryan Hankins  1:13:43
it's not.. it's either one of two options. One, it's going to be like what I gave you originally, and I was factored a little bit, or I can give you what Chris is working on.

Ryan Hankins  1:14:01
We do have a scheduler session as part of our original,

Speaker 6  1:14:05
yeah, the original one. I'd love to see the ones Chris has. I think that has more up to date info. It does.

Ryan Hankins  1:14:15
It just depends on like what's going to use what's

Speaker 6  1:14:17
in every really like. If I were to use it, I would just look at overall duration. Okay, that's all I would be looking for. Like, how long does Chris look all the math? How long does it

Ryan Hankins  1:14:26
even take? Chris keeps giving me a schedule that's like pushing, and I'm like Chris, so that's why I keep avoiding sending it to you, because I'm like, if you guys are gonna like the dates that are in schedule, so that's why, so if you guys are fine with that.

Speaker 6  1:14:49
Yeah, I mean, there's so much influx, like kids can't nail it down, yeah. If I could just, I would just use it for like overall duration

Ryan Hankins  1:15:05
with the same way you guys are dealing with your operation team right now, like Chris is Chris is in the middle of negotiating with me on like what he thinks is realistic versus what I'm saying he should do, and he's trying to push me, and I'm trying to save now, Chris, like it's always a push and pull between, you know, operate like the operations guy always wants to be more conservative, so I'm trying to bring it back to you now, but no, I'll, I have no problem sending it. Just don't, don't hang me with anything happening off that one. Yeah, we won't get chair outside of perfect.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:48
It with this water use memo, you can get together typical aggregating.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai