Speaker 1  00:00
Don't think it makes sense to do the updates to the site plan right now with PE, and then to do it again with scope production. I think it's because to me, I don't think it's critical path to getting us to break ground from the grading standpoint. We can start doing rough grading, and then I think all records were basically at risk for us, isn't it? I think it is. That's why they sitting for the early foundation hackers. That's why you guys are having to sign that early foundation thing. I think the entire early foundation is kind of

Speaker 2  00:35
at your guys' through foundation. Okay, I thought it was just early site work. Well, there's

Speaker 1  00:43
that Courtney signed, which I think is technically supposed to be signed in front of a notary, that, and I think I have been to that, like, early foundation permit application, and I think it's just, yeah, I would read it, I would read it just to make sure that it's clear. Well, it was signed, but not in front of a notary, so

Speaker 3  01:04
well, I mean, it's just hit that signature.

Unknown Speaker  01:12
So, anyways, everything

Speaker 4  01:15
I understand about the status, I agree with, I don't see it as critical path, but it's a question wants to do everything is

Ryan Hankins  01:27
for order of operations, literally everything

Speaker 1  01:37
that sounds good. So, yeah, we can do it twice, yeah, twice. We may, we may need to, if we have to do it twice, then we'll do it twice, and, and I think that it might not gain us anything to do it twice, I guess, but I can stop. It looks out to come

Speaker 4  02:11
so here's one where I'm going to really confess my ignorance in front of the this is a safe space right line number seven SR four cup one, cup two, cup three.

Unknown Speaker  02:22
That's the area that we're talking about. Yeah, that

Unknown Speaker  02:27
lower the eastern part. That one, I think, is a lot of sensitivity from what we were talking about before. The type one, yeah.

Speaker 2  02:40
So all of these spaces we're going to eliminate, we're not going to build any kind of envelope, we're just going to get rid of them completely. Is that the plan right now

Speaker 3  02:48
to build them on the road? Okay, so it's just going to be empty space, even section. No, no, no. Sorry, sorry, sorry. Yeah, the grid line at the top equaled an envelope with that cash line. Then we're not building it's just core space, or

Speaker 1  03:06
that would just be that would just be a little rectangle on the plan that says like development.

Speaker 3  03:13
Yeah, and then you know before then it's just gravel or

Speaker 2  03:19
asphalt, whatever. I wasn't sure if we're gonna build envelope and sleep with a sandbox inside.

Speaker 3  03:25
Oh, I mean, you could.. I don't know much, how much money you would save. You'd save like

Unknown Speaker  03:33
on the walls, essentially.

Ryan Hankins  03:37
Yeah, I'm sorry. Which part he's saying,

Speaker 3  03:40
like, what if we just built up the envelope there, and then you, because my understanding is that you're trying to save on costs.

Speaker 2  03:49
Yeah, I know it just, I just see it adding up for phase two, and then to put two exterior walls with my.. I don't. I wouldn't weigh savings there as much as

Ryan Hankins  04:05
I were talking small potatoes in the green scheme of things, no, to like that, that whole space is not the most expensive part of this building, but, but in the grand, like, this is where I keep coming back to, like, we have a cost problem to solve, like, we need to make drastic cuts, yeah, and those drastic cuts

Unknown Speaker  04:35
top down rather than bottom

Ryan Hankins  04:37
up, exactly, yeah, because I mean, like, that's one of my biggest things I want to come out of this this week with, is like knowing that our scope and our cost is left, because if we don't come out of this week with scope and cost aligned, then they can't do what they need for us to go hit schedule, yeah, right now, yeah, mean like, and that's part of the solution, I think, but I think there's some very much bigger things we need to talk about.

Unknown Speaker  05:07
Thumbnail sketch, and we had a conversation earlier about home amongst 10 to 12, what our proposal is going to be, both in terms of

Speaker 4  05:21
minimizing impact impacts to redesign schedule and smoothing away with both the city and Mesa del Sol is going to be to propose for all intents and purposes taking the facade that we've designed at column 112 pushing it back two days, making the tweaks we have around the edges to make it work, but largely like maintaining that, and we were talking, you know, we were just kind of me, just make

Speaker 2  05:52
sure I understand. So we're we're going to assume this exterior wall is now in the over here, right? Yeah, so this, I mean, so when we build it out, I know I'm an exterior wall, exterior wall, and I mean I'm not saving much on all these brace frames that were here along the edge, right? You're just gonna get pushed in, correct? Yes, so I'm not.. I think when I calculated it was only like 14 columns I was saving here, so it wasn't a tough, and they weren't big columns, they were like 14 by 233

Unknown Speaker  06:21
or something, so they weren't massive.

Speaker 4  06:25
That's exactly why I raised the question of our meeting few days ago. Yeah, see, that's what I'm trying to like.

Speaker 2  06:39
That's why I wonder if we're gonna end up with filled up here or if we're gonna build some temporary facade for like imp, where we can knock out and build future, but I don't know that it was a site plan, and

Speaker 3  06:52
full approval. I was gonna state you to that

Unknown Speaker  07:02
recording. I didn't know you were able to make it in person.

Speaker 5  07:09
I thought I was able to rework some communication plan, so

Unknown Speaker  07:18
this is fully important,

Speaker 4  07:31
so we were just discussing this brief. Ryan and Erica showed up a little while ago, kind of how to structure the conversation today in a way that's going to be most productive, and one thing we're one approach that we're kind of landing on as a group, get your buy-in on this is the central goal is establishing the cost target that we are dealing with here, and then fleshing out, so everyone has a team understanding of the relative just level of disruption. I'm going to call it to design effort and redesign requirements for the stickier items on the list, some aren't that sticky, some are pretty easy, but some are really sticky. And then we can, if we can get through those conversations, then we can talk about schedule and how things are shaking out in terms of kind of order of operations. So any other thoughts?

Ryan Hankins  08:41
Ryan, no. I mean, it's all.. it's all important. I think we all.. that's why we're all here. We understand that, but I think to get to the schedule discussion, I think like aligning scope and budget is probably like the most important thing, so that we don't start down a path and then find out we need to pivot again. We've been pivoting the last couple weeks, which is fine, but I think coming out of this meeting, like, I really want to make sure that you guys are moving as fast as you possibly can. We're moving as fast as we possibly can, because Keith's going to want an update from you guys soon, I'm pretty sure, and kind of where things are at. We can't do anything unless we start making the dynamic scope more static,

Speaker 5  09:23
completely agree with that, and this has been, I think, top of mind for everybody. The scope reduction items in the ACC, there's a few, the stimulants that we're talking about are actually still in review with Jeremy, the slab loading criteria, settlement criteria, and some of the bridge grant items, I think there's one item right now where we're thinking about reducing overall capacity at that center big bridge grants and grants that probably has seen the most

Speaker 6  09:56
significant steel foundations. I'm really pushing Jeremy to make a decision

Unknown Speaker  10:09
yesterday. There were still plenty number days, but I let him know, I'm like, hey, listen,

Unknown Speaker  10:17
we can't really start without your spending design. design criteria and basis of design tests, so

Speaker 5  10:26
I can put you guys on that behavior journey, and there's also entire life safety decision that as well. There's a bigger question that can I tackle with cost transparency, I don't think that's been set in stone. That hasn't

Unknown Speaker  10:45
been established yet. We have a target for

Speaker 2  10:52
complete. Yeah, I have a meeting with them at 10 at the start of the meeting, so that's my ultimate goal, is to get

Unknown Speaker  11:00
a number. We'll just sit around with data for

Ryan Hankins  11:05
us, and I mean, that's where, like, I mean, Keith needs to understand that, like, and I know we're all speaking to the choir here, but, like, if it's what I've heard is, like, you know, a range of about 40 million, like, we need, we need something like more dialed in, so we can like be like, oh, Keith, like, what we're moving forward with is not hitting your, your cost target, and so we're just wasting time.

Speaker 6  11:31
I think that's, yeah, like, that's probably the first conversation,

Unknown Speaker  11:42
take that leadership meeting. Well, we'll have back into this meeting

Speaker 5  11:49
that he was looking for is two $50 but that includes soft costs, that includes attorney costs, that includes land costs, not associated with what we're doing today, right? That's all in like AE team costs everything, AE team, the land, all of states. We're working with attorneys on transaction costs, you know. We have third-party costs that want to take on as owners. Just the construction card costs are a significant fraction of that, but you know the reality is we also have our own furnish and install equipment, so if we need to get there, we're definitely talking about significant spill production past what we've already

Unknown Speaker  12:33
identified today. Sorry, beyond what we've identified today on the spill production.

Ryan Hankins  12:39
Yeah, I would agree, because I got scared on Friday when we're going through that log again, and what we weren't accepting, and I was like, I see the cost, I mean, walking out of last week, I saw the cost somewhere around 220 5 million, and I was like, I don't feel like we're there yet, that's based on everything, all the decisions we were talking about on Friday again, like I'm just.. I'm not seeing how we're down to 180 200 somewhere like that. If that's a disconnect, I just think there's more work to be done on the scope reduction.

Speaker 7  13:14
And then today, would we be able to get into join a little bit? She's got.

Speaker 2  13:20
okay, I think that's what we'd be interested into, at least, so we can confidently go back to Keith and say, we've, you know, we've looked at all these, we've removed all of the scope, and you know, know that the numbers are holding water, and you know, I think that that would be helpful for us, just have that back up, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  13:56
I got a 5o'clock flight.

Speaker 2  14:00
They're trying to set up Mesa Del Sol. Steve Chavez was going to try to set up a meet and greet with you guys, if you were available, but I think

Unknown Speaker  14:09
looking at Thursday, so that's fine. Let me see what time I'm here till Tuesday, so there you go. I don't know how it

Ryan Hankins  14:32
worked. Chavez, the guys that owns that company, Guzman? If we don't hire them, we're gonna have a really tough time

Speaker 1  14:48
getting some of that approved, and that's what Franklin warned me about. So, I think we divide that scope up, so he also looks like we gotta hire that's what Franklin was telling me. He's like, we want this job, but I think Franklin, my suggestion would be we give Gusman

Unknown Speaker  15:16
Sarah Foundations

Speaker 5  15:21
Concrete into geopyraeus.

Speaker 4  15:30
Yeah, the nicest thing to do, the nicest thing to go, this column region.

Speaker 6  15:40
I got Regency and the veteran name, they still need that three to reach folks freely. So, my hunch is we're just gonna really make this one strategic plans are really the relaxing criteria.

Unknown Speaker  15:57
400 temperature grain

Speaker 6  16:00
safety question.

Speaker 5  16:02
thinking, you know, if we, if we go with SR 29 outside of SR 29 I don't see anything that's going to impact the R and D scale mill order, so my hope was we wouldn't accept SR 29 wouldn't we want it, but then you know it got several million dollars

Speaker 4  16:37
because of the timing of placing a mill order, is that right?

Unknown Speaker  16:42
that I'm

Speaker 1  16:45
remembering that you all are putting the order for the free, or there's a, there's an ability to change that

Speaker 5  16:53
you sign a contract with them, we're going for general assembly drawings, so we haven't fully approved general assembly drawings, and so we actually look at approval from the manufacturing style, which is far down the road.

Ryan Hankins  17:20
Well, I mean, it goes, it all goes back to like, if cost is non-negotiable, like, if there is no negotiation on cost, then schedule is going to be impacted, and we could do a performative groundbreak, but it might sit empty after the groundbreak for like several months, and if that's okay, then that's fine, but if it's not, then yeah,

Speaker 5  17:46
and I just reading Keith and his response when we helped convey that it seemed like that was that was okay, there's, you know, there's something hinging on, I think, investment optics and some of the community members that we're currently working with the city and the local regulation model with Sandia, so that media groundbreaking that happens enough after July is critical, but if it sits after a couple

Unknown Speaker  18:19
months, not a huge

Speaker 4  18:22
deal, that's good to understand. That's kind of what we inferred from the meeting.

Speaker 6  18:32
It's a moving target right now.

Ryan Hankins  18:37
The right thing to do, in my opinion, is to get the like, if cost is non-negotiable, like it's not hit pause necessarily, but like let's rethink the plan overall to get it right, because I mean, like, I'll give you an example, like, if we like are doing this by the skin of our teeth, and then like some big honking change comes through, and that's like a stop, and like we've seen this before, where like the client doesn't know how to fund like additional, and like that's a like all of a sudden a half a half built building is just sitting there, yeah, just not good for anybody, that is.

Ryan Hankins  19:34
If their juices Out, and I know he doesn't want to hear it, but like, either we, we be real with him now or we disappoint him later. I'm always a fan of, like, you know, being upfront, that meeting, obviously, you know, he wanted to hear what he wanted to hear, but he needs to know that, like, it's going to be a bad day for all of us, kind of,

Unknown Speaker  20:17
your current estimate, you said he was sitting, like, 225

Ryan Hankins  20:20
right, that's what I was doing in my head last week, based on like the 30 something, and accepted from our initial log off back down to what we were at at the RFP, basically pretty much 32 and then pretty much 80 like that,

Speaker 2  20:41
so no, that helps me with the conversation I'll have here in a minute.

Ryan Hankins  20:44
The gut, my gut feeling is, is that that 180 to 200 for what they need is unrealistic, and there needs to be likely an injection of capital in some way, shape or form. That's my hunch. Once again, not what he wants to hear, but

Speaker 4  21:08
I don't know what everyone else to get to that, what we're calling phase one footprint and functionality.

Ryan Hankins  21:14
Yeah, either injection of capital or like a reduction of requirements, but as we see, like, we came up with a mean, give to give you guys credit, there was a lot of work that happened in those two days, and it, I think, we were all super excited about the possibility that it could come down, but slowly, since then, like, those items have now been declined slowly for one reason or another, and we're now back to, like, how do we save cost again? Yeah, I'm just..

Speaker 5  21:45
I'm looking at the admin space in order, since that is smaller than our Sandman office, yeah, by significant office

Unknown Speaker  22:00
30 to 50 people,

Ryan Hankins  22:03
and one one thing that Dominic showed us, he reminded me, is that, and we didn't bake this into our cost, is like you remove this, this is part of the lateral design for this, and so we delete this, there's likely going to be some type of additional steel somewhere, and so, like, I don't know what that means, but

Speaker 2  22:25
so your previous estimate, Ryan, doesn't include the removal of any of this, right? What I guess, where, what does that include? Does that include all the VE and scope reduction estimates the

Ryan Hankins  22:36
you're talking about for this item? Yeah, does it include the removal of that? Yeah, this item was removing the interiors to

Speaker 2  22:43
25 figure. It includes the removal already, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  22:46
Okay, and it removes the bottom, the steel. We did like a rough steel takeoff, correct? But I just didn't know how much, and frankly, when I was pricing it up, I didn't think about the fact that this was a this was the lateral support for this, and so that's where we need Thorton Tomasetti. That's also steel change, so now they're redesigning steel, going back to the drawing board. So it's, you know, yeah, because there were two or three

Unknown Speaker  23:15
brace strings in that section we would remove.

Speaker 4  23:19
There's like a T-shaped one in the middle, and then two other, I think the other thing to be totally eyes wide open about is these price frames have to land on these columns for the building,

Unknown Speaker  23:36
so that one, a couple of those are right in the middle of your program,

Speaker 3  23:42
I mean, I don't think you've also taken into account us fully evaluating going to type to be adding the fire barriers, the firewalls, all the things that we have to do in order to make the to do construction work, so there's a layer there that might

Ryan Hankins  23:58
be missed, and if that's just drywall, yeah, then like we'll figure that out. I'm confident. If it's, you know, MFL walls, then that's a different conversation. Maximum fire loss, like it basically goes through the roof,

Unknown Speaker  24:18
those green lines there,

Unknown Speaker  24:20
yeah, that could be a future meeting. So I'm anticipating

Speaker 5  24:29
future costs to add in a scope, and right now what I'm hearing is, you know, at some point we're going to need to come up, at some point we're likely going to need the additional the second half of this conversation, which is not the urgent side of the conversation to help leadership understand. Okay, what is the additional cost associated with the scope of eliminators that need to add that interesting footprint? Right, so the two red dot, and right now I just told what we reduced as the cost.

Ryan Hankins  25:09
Yeah, that's fair. Would

Speaker 1  25:15
it maybe be a little bit more, because you'll have some demo associated with

Ryan Hankins  25:22
Arno, I think you know, depending on when it's done, and if you do everything at one time, you'll get better packaged pricing. If you do little bits of pieces, then obviously you're going to get worse pricing, because you're doing smaller pieces

Speaker 5  25:41
for at least the core shell and the multivariate scope that we were looking at for the additional admin space, if we just add that cost back in, basically creating a separate budget

Speaker 6  26:02
when the tech comes yeah, I'm looking at the R&D space, where we're going to get the biggest bang for our buck, and I just, I really don't think we can reduce that footprint,

Speaker 5  26:27
you know. I think if we are talking about a hard cost number of finding, finding more, more juice, we could potentially reduce the height of the building,

Unknown Speaker  26:42
but again, we're talking about massive structural redesign.

Speaker 5  26:46
Kind of message is we're going to completely redo the structural design and go back to the beginning, change the height of the facility, change the capacity on

Speaker 6  27:02
the structural will

Unknown Speaker  27:12
use the full design schedule.

Speaker 2  27:15
We're looking at, we need fair mill order by June 16.

Ryan Hankins  27:20
No, nobody ever thinks about the design scheme. I think you guys are in order. Last week we were last week, we were going out to the market. We held off on that, obviously, because it is still doing the connection design right now, correct?

Speaker 2  27:42
So they're already in the middle of that, and I think connection design was expected mid June, and then, yeah,

Speaker 5  27:51
yeah, I think the middle order paragraph, we can still break ground, there's going to be some roles, but getting the delivery to the next thing is, when I look at the milestones that are important to leadership, it's break ground, it's getting the delivery team in to be able to start phasing out the gene installment, setting the water to ink, and then substantial completion of the launch shell, so that would all push, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  28:22
Yeah, and yeah, no, and then for the, and then for the Keith discussion as well, like the thing I wanted to say was, like, how do we make a schedule commitment if we don't know what the cost goals are? I just, I don't know how you do that, and so, like, when he, in my mind, it was a change, even for you guys, like when he said, 'Hey, the budget's not what we all budgeted at the RFP phase, like when he cut that budget out the window, that, in my mind, is a significant change of conditions from his aspect that he should be anticipating a scheduled delay, but I know he doesn't. We're reducing scope, so it should be fast and cheaper.

Speaker 4  29:16
I mean, I just, just so we're all clear, I you know, redesigning the envelope with the building rolls us back to before 50% so you guys, I know you know that, I just want to say it out loud, and the other important component I think that if you guys could message to Keith, growing the design team to deliver the project faster isn't necessarily the right way to think about it. If this were a building that were really well understood, and it was Starbucks number 783 maybe so. you know, like, and there are a lot of components that everyone just knows,

Ryan Hankins  30:07
like a data center, yeah,

Speaker 4  30:11
yeah, but I'm really loath to add. We have a large design team right now, I'm loathe to add people that just create confusion jeopardize our work product.

Speaker 3  30:24
Frankly, we don't understand what we're drawing, and we don't draw it accurately. Your contractors are going to receive your drawings and go, what the hell is this? We're going to get 1000 1000 RFIs, which we will anyway, and then 1000 change orders, yeah, the RFI. The RFIs lead to, you know, us clarifying clouding, which leads to change orders on top of the solidified budget. You compress the design schedule increases

Unknown Speaker  31:07
solving all these problems,

Ryan Hankins  31:22
yeah. yeah, yeah, I've seen projects go very like this is typically like a point in time where like a project either goes really well or it goes really bad, and we're like teetering on like the pivot point, the fulcrum of that tea, that seesaw right now

Unknown Speaker  32:02
they the old, they switched to a new cost target. We have all the first one in life. I just..

Speaker 1  32:20
I don't know where I'm gonna have Lulu, I'm putting it all in as drafts, but

Unknown Speaker  32:25
I'm almost.. I almost got them all in. I'll get with her to publish.

Ryan Hankins  32:34
Remember, there's some stuff in there that isn't us. Yeah, like there's stuff like there. I think it's like SR three or something like that, that's like them and their machine, like we're not doing any of that. Yeah, and it's okay if we put it in

Speaker 1  32:48
here as, yeah, return this, not us. Yeah, so we can put

Unknown Speaker  32:54
it in there and just put $0 Yeah,

Speaker 1  32:57
that's what I did. I'm just putting whatever we can at least track like you made the decision, you got to go figure out your dollars on your site,

Ryan Hankins  33:08
Courtney. Realistic, realistic, like just talking realistically, yeah, like not just where do you see this going? I mean, if you, if you were to like look into the future, like two months,

Speaker 6  33:21
I'm usually good with reading teams.

Speaker 5  33:24
You're doing a little bit of TV reading right now. There's a couple things that are going on, like, you know, he was pretty savvy. The reality, if I take a step back and I look at things from Keith's perspective across the entire company, right? So, across the entire company, as we're building out the machine components, as we're partnering with manufacturing engineers, you know, we are reconciling across the cost across the board. This is just one of the initiatives that we're tracking. So, the reality is, in the past few years, likely our cost, and I don't have oversight over all this, but likely

Speaker 6  34:15
our criticizing the tenor company is just balloon, balloon significantly. So, I think there's I I think there's

Unknown Speaker  34:27
he's a valuable part of our team, and he has been also helping

Speaker 5  34:36
my anxious Keith throws pressure on everybody to figure out what we can do. It's all about how we achieve that facility game. So, if we have to strip away like the fun stuff, like the cafe and medie spaces, to be able to do that, we'll find a way to put desks in certain areas to make it work. That's my hunch. What's going on, and our overall government costs, yeah. We've already spent our series A funding in revenue. We need to go back out to investors, so we need to step back as much as possible. And I think today we'll hear from Pete. If what Nick and I are communicating with the rest of the team is that

Unknown Speaker  35:26
break ground,

Ryan Hankins  35:41
let's let's let's plan to spend some time together since

Speaker 1  36:07
Them right there, I didn't sit right. I stopped once he was spreading the awful stuff, and now he moved.

Speaker 3  36:17
It's true, even architecture school likes to cook the fountain for this. my concept models over here, but in my defense, the three around me all drop, so they don't teasing, I guess.

Speaker 1  37:00
What do you guys do? That was my first. I'm like, that would be helpful for the team to at least fill it, fill up to them. I feel like

Speaker 5  37:09
the foreign shell team, the Stantec Form Shell team, got the short end of the stick, because by the time the Interiors BH team came on board, we had gone through our song and dance,

Speaker 1  37:21
yeah, for 18 months. I feel like by the time it didn't get repeated, yeah. Yeah, helpful thing to get, like it's just like a brief, like five minute overview of group meeting. I think we there was a meeting that scheduled with the Water Utility Authority about the wastewater questions in Courtney's responses about this project to date,

Unknown Speaker  37:52
specifically about the machine process.

Speaker 5  37:58
My hope is I know that we've been the way Jeremy and I split up the team is I'm really kind of slowly focused on the core shelf piece, but what we as a company are learning is aspects of that machine installed group are absolutely so this conversation is really advanced, Jeremy's having a lot of those conversations with Elena and Tish so believe it or not, there's a lot more than I don't actually

Speaker 1  38:31
realize, because I feel like if they're invented any technology,

Speaker 8  38:36
you want to kick off, I think

Speaker 4  38:45
everyone, I think, I think we can go ahead and let's go ahead and get started. I'm not sure if anyone's going to be joining us online, but at least we have the teams open in case they're available. Just to set the stage a little bit for Mike and Joc, I think most everyone is sort of up to speed on the fact that the last week, 10 days, we've been meeting at a series of meetings with Clayco and Pacific Fusion, fairly intensive discussions to right size the project for budget constraints that are becoming clarified on the Pacific Fusion side, and further clarity awaits in the near future, but what became clear to Pacific Fusion and everyone was apart from the value engineering exercise that Clayco spearheaded when they first came on the project. We need to look at scope reduction opportunities that can really further find quite a bit of savings in this project, and so Pacific Fusion put their heads down and generated a list of potential items that go on the chopping block in one way or another, and we've been working for the implications, potential implications of accepting those. How disruptive are they to the designer from today? How disruptive are they to collect those planning? What is the pricing impact? What is, and then what is the schedule impact? So we set up a series of workshops, and I was on the conservative side of saying, let's do three days, fingers crossed we can work through a lot of this over the next couple days, and then we can address MEP when Susie and Astrid are available on Thursdays. That's just how their schedule worked out. So those particular items will kind of table, but we will take them up as a team to the to the extent that they impact civil or structural or architectural um Ryan, and I have had a few kind of sidebar conversations about how we can most efficiently make forward progress as a team. One of the things we landed on was really identifying the cost target, the target value for this project, so that we have a clear target for workforce in terms of de scoping or scope adjustments. The next kind of set of concerns is understanding potential for disruption, potential for redesign effort. What that looks like, and then the for any particular item, there'll be some design choices that are presented, and so coming to an agreement on design direction from Pacific Fusion, so that we can implement those, and those design choices will then have an impact on schedule, but to Ryan's earlier point, like let's get how much this thing can cost, what we're going to be undertaking in terms of design changes, and then also look at scheduling facts, and we can all kind of go forward eyes wide open with a kind of collaborative and cards on the table approach to how we elevate this product at all. So, Mike, Josh, thanks for joining. You'll see that the first kind of tranche of there's a significant amount of simple implications for some of these, so that's why you guys are Peter. We'll be joined shortly by Mark from Tom Ceti. He's taking a phone call for another project, but he may - we may be joined by Frank on the line here on and then I see Conor join. Hey, Conor.

Speaker 2  43:07
Hey, sorry, I am a little bit late, and I feel like this is when design teams and contractors just got to roll out there, so you can see what we can make happen right to cost resolved me always.

Unknown Speaker  43:31
Yeah, indeed. I mean, I was stuck in meetings like because of the schedule.

Speaker 4  43:38
No, no problem. Understood. This was very short notice, and yeah, yeah. Thanks for calling in and making time. So, yeah, with that, I want to open the table to any other ambulatory remarks that anyone would like to make. Ryan and Courtney,

Ryan Hankins  43:57
just for the civil team, I don't know how much you guys have been exposed to what's been talked about, but when we turned on our updated budget, we came in with about, you know, as a team we really worked through, ve about 35 million, and in the last week, week and a half, we fill up with additional like 50 million, and we're currently still evaluating what's truly accepted, but like it's not just like a typical ve effort that maybe you guys have seen, it's pretty substantial, so just to get your mind in the right frame, it's it's substantial changes, yeah, from the other thing too is like to your point, we've been to this point, trying to figure out what is the least disruptive from a schedule standpoint, so we can still break ground in July, at least from a maybe from at the very least a performative standpoint, but so I think you'll find that civil, we've tried to really kind of leave alone as much as possible, granted, there will still be impacts, but you know, entitlements is another thing that we're very concerned about,

Unknown Speaker  45:13
Brian. I think there's still an underlying uncertainty some of the big ticket items that will help get to that cost

Unknown Speaker  45:22
reduction I have communicates, and

Unknown Speaker  45:24
how does that tie us to our ability to play ground? There was a high level of thoughts.

Speaker 5  45:41
We're looking at impacting the ability with footprints, you know. Keith had a good thought, which is basically, hey, why don't we just box out the reduced work footprint that we're looking at eliminating and just save for future days? Can that safeguard meet the state mental health approval? yes,

Speaker 9  46:16
and I'm going to say yes with with an asterisk, but yes, in the fact that I think it's important for us to get what we have approved, and I don't know that we officially have our site not approved yet. One last little step. Okay, let's work to get that approved. That gets us in the door of the building permit, and then what we've done is we've ran building permit sets in parallel with amendments to get us whole in order to look like this. This is the ultimate condition. This is what they've seen. This is what they've approved. Now we got to pair it down into a phased approach, and so what we would do is very much added, and just identify that this portion of the building would be in a subsequent phase, but we are going to build this as a part of our efforts. Where we might get hung up is the look and feel of that face heading to the

Speaker 3  47:16
blue line elevation. Yes, I think our intent would be to take the same

Unknown Speaker  47:25
facade and shift it over, that

Speaker 9  47:26
would make it the easiest by far, and I think they're there, that would make it very simple for the reviewers, because that's all that they're looking for from a townhouse perspective, is what does it look like this offset, you know, it being now further inside the track, I don't think we're not breaking any rules in relation to any setbacks, any requirements along those lines. Josh, you might have some comments about the grading, you know, that we'll have to take a close look at, but I think we can make all that stuff work. We will have to resubmit, you know, conceptual grading plan, that or a grading plan. We're past conceptual now, right? So we would have to resubmit a grading plan that would invest in machines, and to

Speaker 7  48:15
be clear, we would have to submit a grading plan, regardless, right? Get foundation permit approval, so it wouldn't be anything additional, and it just needs to even reflect the latest layout with that submittal, and we'll get our approvals look back at this site.

Speaker 5  48:31
Question with the existing rating permit could be, and I know this is like those cringe at this, but it was the existing rating permit, knowing that we ended up being an approval on the immigration permit, so I don't imagine that they want, but for any reason, Justice Mario, we needed to break ground on the existing and provide those

Speaker 6  49:01
change deltas. yeah,

Ryan Hankins  49:10
just so I heard, so it's just we'll still break ground, but while these changes are going on, the city vigil The original

Ryan Hankins  49:28
typically you can go at risk as long as you have entitled or like site plan approved and stuff like that. The city

Speaker 9  49:36
is going to throw that term out quite a bit, and I do think it's important at risk at risk, and so they're going to throw that term out quite a bit, but I do think it's important for us to get in front of Shaha Jay and Robin to let them understand this change that's coming. It is going to be greater than 10% so we do fully anticipate kind of going through the DFT process, but that what we intend to do is to continue to break ground based off where we're at, like just lay it all out, like I, I would be hard pressed to think that they would have any opposition to this proportion. It's when you start reconfiguring the site as a whole, is where you start getting into challenges. Everything looks, feels, talks, class, like, like a duck. This is all going to be essentially the duck that is ultimately going

Speaker 4  50:34
to be built. Let me back up a couple of steps. I just want to get cardio on one piece, and it's Rebecca. It's your small stuff that we need to complete. What's happened, Courtney, with the VE implementations of removing some exterior amenities, the basketball court, the canopy still production, that kind of thing. Is we've gotten a bit out of coordination with Mike's Bronx. One thing we need to do, and we're talking about this being the next week exercise, is getting all of those VE exterior amenity changes. I'm just talking about VE, not the scope reduction items, but the VE items documented, get a round of model updates over to BHI, so they can issue coordinated drawings. We get them have that SPP PDF package that the city has requested submitted, and in service of, like, as you said, kind of putting a bow on the site development permit that's pending,

Speaker 5  51:41
because I know there has been there's so many changes that have come after, I guess, the updated site plan. Why would we not submit an updated site to get it just to kind of get it approved, and then as part of this larger effort the BV the scope production would work on those larger than 10% changes, but I'm thinking half to click its approval, but I'm obviously not looking back for the picture, so

Speaker 4  52:15
part of where we are is we've been racing forward with BV adjustments in our model, and so we would have to step backwards and like add back stuff, and I mean we could unarchival model, maybe I don't know, Rebecca's gonna jump across,

Speaker 4  52:37
but it just seemed from our standpoint that the most efficient way forward is just to get the line with, get our landscape drawings of line with civil, get those all to match, so that a city reviewer says, okay, I'm not seeing conflicts here, this all looks good.

Speaker 7  52:59
Question, though, for site plan approval, we're needing to have a compiled site plan set submitted right to get final sign on. Yeah, so do we need to change anything? Yeah, we can just previously exactly, and get all of our signatures done, worrying about a resubmittal to get this initial set approval, and then we can proceed more with the DV efforts down the road?

Speaker 1  53:23
Yeah, I don't see a problem with that. I think, like, our landscape and architectural side, we've moved forward with some of these changes. We have the PDFs previously that have been updated based on the conditions of approval, so we can do that and then move this to a future base. I'm not sure, from a timing standpoint, if we gave anything to take one to two weeks right now to update it based on what's current and have that be what is the baseline approval, as opposed to, you know, these things where we already know that we're going to have the amenity spaces changed, and the basketball court removed, like from the conversations with Jay, it seemed like they were okay with having those minor things just get wrapped up into our previous DMT movie. So I don't know what the Josh is

Unknown Speaker  54:15
forward if we have those sitting in. We do have them, we have them, and I can put that together. Then it's ministerial,

Unknown Speaker  54:21
we get the stamp. Yes, no worries, you can do that.

Speaker 4  54:24
Yeah, yeah. Okay, I was, I was under the impression that we didn't have that option. No, we have the option.

Ryan Hankins  54:31
Okay. I mean, how much of a disruption is it from an entitlement standpoint? Please, I mean, Brother Rush, you're just deleting everything

Speaker 7  54:40
up here, so I think there's not Mike, but ways we could go about it, you would do more of a beautiful just hatchet, if you will, and let's do here, and it's just a clear phasing, and then you'll have the same thing, they're building elevations, you'd have your ultimate build out east phase, you move in west, and you just have a secondary building elevation

Ryan Hankins  55:05
for it. I like, because that does, that does work with the story of phase two. Yeah, that does work.

Speaker 1  55:11
So, I think for the architectural team that we would probably need to add an additional set of elevations, I would guess to be the phase two elevation, and we'll have a phase one validation, so there's like a little bit that's extra, and you guys are

Speaker 7  55:24
maybe in addition a little bit extra on the grading, I think landscape would be involved, our accounts change slightly from phase

Speaker 1  55:31
two, yeah, so there's some additional sheets that get added into the site plan, but it's not

Speaker 7  55:36
vortex, yep, so we could keep it pretty high level, I would think, yeah,

Speaker 9  55:41
I agree, and the phase approach allows for it essentially to be entitled already, so you could roll in phase straight into building permit, assuming there's no significant changes, right in that phase two approach, and kind of lends itself, obviously, in that regard.

Speaker 5  56:01
Okay, so it sounds that sounds like that could be a this week thing, and that's well, probably next week, because this week is mostly busy,

Unknown Speaker  56:18
but there's nothing else on the city examining, or I guess they need reviews.

Speaker 1  56:25
We've already heard from Jay that that what I have already sent and provided to them is a is accounting for all the conditions that were set on us for approval, and you guys have already sent the IIA, so that, and he said that once he receives the PDS, you can route it quickly for their signatures, and then it will be, it will be final approved.

Speaker 9  56:50
Upload the IAA here to the job, so they'll ask you to do that. So, when you updated site plan, make sure you add a separate box. I'll just Josh,

Speaker 4  57:18
Mike, is there anything else kind of the surface about this approach that we repeat after

Speaker 7  57:28
I don't think so. I mean, no other thing that would come to my mind would be fire access, but we still have our fire apparatus road on the east side of the building and west and south, so I think we're good. We don't have any real issues there. Ivy, there's obviously coordination out loud now with NDP, because I think that's where the domestic stuff is coming in. So, does that get changed anyway? But those are all relatively minor. More on the construction documents,

Unknown Speaker  57:58
you're saying the water domestic water lines coming in from that

Speaker 3  58:03
north face to the building is Pacific Fusion still planning to have that drive plan south, right where it says future final facade, there's a flat grade now going to nothing. Are you planning to install that as part of this initial phase one

Speaker 3  58:38
right here? Because there was an oath. There was a large overhead door that went into this laser area, and I think there was a drive that there's a drive that comes up here. We're pulling back side here. Are we.. do we want to just like.. are we leaving this or taking it out? Okay, so this section of the site now that just basically comes back here, this track goes away.

Speaker 7  59:12
What that looks like with the new building page. Sure, and I guess the other question after you, Ryan, is to mean, is there anything additional that we should do, if you're coming in after the fact, putting in this foundation, these footings. I'm thinking specifically of the parking on the north side. Should we account for anything for you guys to come in after the fact and not disrupt that existing

Ryan Hankins  59:36
infrastructure that's in place? Which, which side, where I know we're talking, there's plan north, and then there's so rise out there's gotcha, I believe there's utilities that go through there. We should probably just make sure we're coordinating to make sure that any temporary conditions, like, you know, like, we usually see, like, like DG kind of put over the building pad, just from a stabilization standpoint, depending on how long it is. I mean, they frankly, I don't know if they're ever going to build this out, but if they do, we're going to want to make sure that from a DG standpoint and whatnot, that that's all put in place day one, and then also the foundations wise, I would probably say we're probably planning for those foundations day one, so you don't have to drill an epoxy into them later on, but on

Speaker 7  1:00:33
plant variety north side of building, when you come in and do your construction activities to put in that foundation, do we need to have a sort of buffer for you guys to come and physically install those at the family again? The parking on the right side and topping screen are where I'm thinking

Ryan Hankins  1:00:54
about, I mean, like we need a crane road for tilt, I forget, like 40 foot, but I mean, if we have to go destroy some landscaping and destroy some, you know, parking lot, that's just going to be a casualty of war.

Speaker 3  1:01:12
But phase one on this, we're just leaving it as ground cover, right? That's the base word.

Speaker 1  1:01:22
Yeah, I think you're asking about, like, what the distance of buffer might need to be from where the hardscape

Speaker 7  1:01:29
is to where the.. it was more from the.. and you answered it. If you're okay with some casualties down the road, some curbs or construction activities.. I think the landscaping is an interesting question, because if you get into your landscape counts, this is a pretty large area, and so if they just make this base course, do we still meet our minimum landscaping requirement? So that's something that what we're paying on to understand.

Speaker 9  1:01:55
Well, on the city too, to see where they're going to require in that regard, there's going to be obviously some throw away stuff, like a sidewalk is likely going to be needed along that edge. If we're going to do doors very similar to what we did previously, they'll need that level of access, and the thought would be just be remain crucified, you know, for the foreseeable future until they're ready for that expansion,

Ryan Hankins  1:02:22
I think I think the question really comes down to, like, how, like, does Pacific Fusion see this phase two happening within a year, five years, 10 years? Is this a 20 year thing? Because I think that depends on how much you really are willing to throw away.

Speaker 5  1:02:40
Yeah, this think if this shades about $10 million off the overall cost of the facility, so $10 million I think is something that we could pick up in a nice round of funding, so this is probably a five year plan,

Speaker 7  1:02:55
2030 right, would be it would be after 2030 after that

Ryan Hankins  1:03:02
gotcha, so basically it's two years after we're done.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:06
One of the things to just consider, we've seen this with some of the other advanced technology startup providers, is

Speaker 2  1:03:17
when we do this future phase, like there's caissons, I believe there's piles, right? That do we need to do piles? Do we have an impact for vibration? Like, does it make sense to try to limit vibration by doing certain parts of the foundations? Those are all considerations we've had to look at doing dynamic compaction over large parts of sites, just so that we're minimizing vibration impacts on, you know, research and development facilities. I highlight that with Jeremy, like, you know, if we're doing

Unknown Speaker  1:04:01
work, you know, right next to the facility for years. What's your tolerance for pain?

Speaker 5  1:04:09
Does that make sense? Yeah, it's a good thought. And I think where we are, where we are today, Conor, is what takes precedent is getting the cost of the building down as much as possible without thinking about day two phasing or the second phase of this and integrating what would be an easier build at that time, so I hear what you're saying, but I think thinking about migration criteria or any preparation for that phase two construction is going to eliminate some of the cost reduction that we're currently not only, so yeah, although I think it's one of those things that, quite frankly, we're going to spin out on and speculate on, and we won't have an answer to which, just making a judgment call here. I think the best use of our time is we completely eliminate the scope. We understand that's a five year plan after that facility game, but we don't take into any considerations or have any discussions about design that could be implemented today to accommodate that in the future.

Ryan Hankins  1:05:22
Basically, you're saying we'll, we'll deal with pain later, knowing that we're going to have more money coming in after net gain. Exactly. Gotcha. This, so

Speaker 5  1:05:31
you know, if I look at our industry and what we're trying to accomplish, there are many high mountains that we have to climb. This first one is, is going to be very challenging and difficult, and we just have to get there. After we get there, there's going to be an incredible amount of opportunity for us, where this is, this is it's a different conversation,

Speaker 2  1:06:02
that's it's totally understandable approach. It's just we have to tell you that that may impact you in the future on the operations side again.

Speaker 5  1:06:15
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. That's something that you know, I think for the facility owners and leadership team, that's something that they're very aware of. This is going to be an active construction site, probably

Ryan Hankins  1:06:33
Sandy. At part two, thanks.

Speaker 4  1:06:38
I think, in the interest of completeness, just for Mike and Josh's awareness, the the other phase two section that we're looking at is this little front, the rectangle that's a hashed red line and then a green line, and what we're showing in green is a three hour firewall, firewall, and the red hash line is future construction, so effectively that chunk becomes phase two. It's minimal, but it's just so you know that that's part of

Speaker 3  1:07:22
the Thank you, going. It's very minor, but with those firewalls, you are limited on the opening sizes. It's like 156 square feet, so just something to be mindful about any operational concerns of moving items between that HMMA area and the facility may be limited on the size of your overall,

Speaker 3  1:07:53
yes, and type 2b to create that future H occupancy that they created as a separate building, and you do that by creating the firewall firewall limits here on the size of your open LCP.

Speaker 5  1:08:10
This fire life safety construction type conversation, I'm not sure if it makes sense. I was about to go down that

Speaker 3  1:08:19
we can table it for later. I'm just noting it. We have a session that John will join his first morning chapters. No, I think it's

Ryan Hankins  1:08:31
this afternoon. None of that affects entitlements or the civil conversations.

Speaker 3  1:08:40
Are we talking about changing the charge of type that's a separate conversation, but yes, we would be doing, I think we're under 1b

Unknown Speaker  1:08:57
okay? So we're already entitled, the

Speaker 9  1:09:01
only thing it starts to modify is the fire code, and the building, I think, is so large we've already requested an additional reduction, more than what they allow in emergency. Meso soul is only allowed 3500 gpm per development, and so a lot of buildings wind up exceeding that threshold with their fire flow requirements, and the fire marshal allows up to 75% reduction of what the fire flow typically is, and for this building in particular, we requested a 60% reduction, so their usual kind of typical reduction is 50% whatever it's sprinkler, but we got 60% just to get us to that 3500 so I don't think that's going to affect anything long story longer, that's not that shouldn't affect our water sewer availability statement, because that's we're limited at 3500 GPM, and so if it increases the fire flow, then we would just request an additional reduction in the amount we get to that 35 per cap. So

Speaker 5  1:10:17
2b is the I think it's one hour rating, the 1b that we're thinking about going to to allow us higher square footage. What we need for requires two or three hour

Unknown Speaker  1:10:33
separation in certain spaces. It's actually a much higher requirement. My assumption,

Speaker 7  1:10:46
yes. It actually be decreasing our fire flow requirements.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:57
Okay, that's a good cut.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:59
No, you're good. We would still go through and have to validate

Speaker 3  1:11:05
it. Sorry, approval for what it's just

Unknown Speaker  1:11:10
getting approved firefly documented. If we change

Speaker 6  1:11:18
it, what's under 2b right now? If we were changing, which is the higher requirement that actually reduced our higher one plan.

Speaker 7  1:11:28
Just checking the box, documenting it shouldn't change.

Speaker 3  1:11:33
I'm sorry, I thought the scope prediction question was to

Speaker 2  1:11:37
go from 1b to two correct. We're trying to, sorry, you're right, 50%

Speaker 5  1:11:43
because we're trying to figure that out right now, and this all hinges on the machine install requirement and what trim is classified as. So the reality is, premium is related at the state level, there should be limited oversight of interest at the city level, that's something that we're really trying to nail down. We've had a few conversations with our radiation safety officers from the state JRB, understanding the amount of trivia that would be the premium buildings for the 2029 There's a hunch that if anything, the areas that tritium would be handled and would be classified as h not h not h not h, which is a more invasive classification. If that's the case, we're going to have a conversation with Jeremy this afternoon. I'd asked Jeremy and Radiation safety person that's looking into this, or Jeremy, I've asked them, hey, we're going to have training contained, what is the square footage of that? Once we know that square footage, I think we'll have a much better understanding and accommodate that we might be able to be, but this is this is a conversation that both sides really need to align on, because Nick and I don't want to paint future use into the corner by saying, "Oh, sorry, I only have 7000 square feet of page more to work with, which is going to be very painful

Speaker 1  1:13:15
in nature. Just the complicated thing, and I think it'd be really good to have John Wachies in the conversation when we really go into detail about the construction type, just based on his last, my conversation with him in the last email that he sent, if the entire building is considered an SIO, which currently, that's the assumption that we'll move forward with zero square foot of any age occupancy is allowed in that building. It would have to be a separate, it would have to be constructed as a separate building, like a completely separated building. It can be in the same footprint there, but construct the construction requirements for that area to be different. So the two walls, if it's considered as an SIO that is that is not for any high hazard space, so high hazards not going to be allowable in there, and so that's where I think he's pointing to having a conversation with the City of Albuquerque to see what their.. I understand that it's a state level decision about the radio radiological material, radioactive material, but that's that's what the conversation tell

Unknown Speaker  1:14:36
me to table this if I'm giving to it to the leads,

Speaker 1  1:14:44
I was about to get that after. I think before we go into.. well, I mean, Bill can say what degree wants. I think before we go deep into it, I would feel a lot better if John Waitshuis was there to give his input as well, but if that's okay, and we can invite him now, or I

Speaker 3  1:14:59
don't know which. I invited him this afternoon's meeting, I

Speaker 5  1:15:02
I think ultimately, if that is the case under the special industrial occupancy, if there's zero HY

Speaker 1  1:15:16
level, yeah, I think that would be, it'd be good to make sure that we're all in this same understanding, and that the city of Albuquerque is understanding

Speaker 9  1:15:27
the question about the other possible phase and better portion of the building on the south side of the building along Waugh or Spritz. Is there some, are we still waiting on that, or is that, is that going to happen? The green that we were, that just kind of spurred this conversation with the firewall, is that actually going to happen? Is that official in terms of that being saved for a later phase?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:58
So, elimination of that footprint is official

Speaker 6  1:16:04
for a subsequent phase on the construction type around that program,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:12
that's pending this conversation this afternoon.

Speaker 9  1:16:15
Mine is just whether or not that footprint would be a part of our future amendment to the DFT 1000 square feet that was my lab

Speaker 5  1:16:36
60,000 square feet of between the two red boxes I was I've been communicating since you guys are square feet, but I haven't done that precise

Speaker 2  1:16:50
for the two red boxes in one of the exhibits you had. There was a square footage number, I

Speaker 5  1:17:02
think there's 40 of add 40 between admin and the lab scores, and then there's about 18,000 square feet.

Speaker 4  1:17:16
Yeah, might take a pause and check in with Nick if there's any things we report from your call that is relevant,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:28
we're still tracking about the same number that we did before. Keith wasn't on the call, it was just Mindy and Justin, so our target is still remains the same as right now,

Speaker 5  1:17:41
and that target is the if that's the case, so I think Nate, you and I, we need to identify Justin. I almost want you and I to kind of outside ways to get Justin's attention, because that's going to completely change direction in how we move forward over the next few days. Here, I think you know if there are some flexibility, and you can focus on the scope production activities. We can easily move forward to start tackling that plan, but if we need to find an additional 2030 $40 million

Unknown Speaker  1:18:18
in scope reduction, it's going to impact the entire space.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:27
What's the number? I think it's somewhere around 200 to be honest, like 190 200 I let me check Justin's schedule.

Ryan Hankins  1:18:40
What I think would be helpful as part of understanding that number is like if we can like almost write it on the board and like understand like direct costs, we'll say indirect costs from a construction standpoint, contingency like construction cost, gotcha, all in structure, the other stuff is okay, and how concrete is that? Because, like, 190 to 200 that's a still a $10 million range.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:13
I believe we can shave some off for the hard side as well to get,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:18
okay? I would target, you know,

Speaker 2  1:19:21
obviously we want to go a little bit lower, but just to give us some breathing room, that's why I'm saying 190 I think 200 is probably it'll get us very, very close, but

Ryan Hankins  1:19:31
like to the penny, and is that including your contingency? So 200 includes

Speaker 2  1:19:36
yours, 200 no, so there's contingency sitting outside, that's the, we're our cost, we're assuming 10% contingency. The way I have a lot of that is 5% owner, 5% construction, but that is, that's outside of this 190 to 200 number, got it?

Ryan Hankins  1:19:57
Okay, so sorry, 5% 5% contractor board. Both of those are outside of the 190 to 200 Okay, got

Ryan Hankins  1:20:12
it. That helps. That helps, but we still have some million dollars, and I totally, I totally understand your guys' situation, but yeah, the more we understand, the more we can help bring clarity. I can clean this up,

Speaker 1  1:20:31
I'm just sending this to understand, but the owner and construction contingency that you all are holding, so like math, if that's a total of 10% I can't do the math, 220 220 million, if everything, including anything that comes up and arises during construction, happens in under 220 it's more or less like it'll move forward at that, correct, and if it's over that, then that's where they're working, but they're real

Speaker 1  1:21:12
great targeting a little on the lower end of that to give the preview, just in case there's

Speaker 2  1:21:18
we, I have about 50 million in cost, but that includes the 20-ish million of contingency, so, so my total budget that I'm not allowed to exceed is 250 but that had $50 million in our land, legal, all this other stuff, and contingency, I need the construction cost to be no more than 200 Oh,

Ryan Hankins  1:21:45
that's perfect. Yeah, that's yeah, that's a target. Yeah, targets. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:01
so I think Courtney stepped outside to try to get a hold of Justin. Maybe I think we can keep pressing

Unknown Speaker  1:22:07
forward for the original ones. We have these in Georgia. These are not right. These are before, so I have those projections. We've got so many big honor. Oh, they're sure we're all kosher. Yeah, can you talk about

Speaker 2  1:22:23
how we're going to, because Ryan and Erica, you've seen this too, and I think probably Bill and your team have seen this. One of the challenges can be to these like extensive PE efforts is making sure that we're in alignment with what's on drawings versus what we've targeted at the maybe it's not right now, but we need to make sure that we have a process locked down that we're tracking as design evolves, right, that we're actually achieving the be and that we're not having spoke creek or we're not having drawings, you know, I've seen where we price drawing, you know, electrical drawing, and now we're going to try to price like all these very various design narratives and things just never fully reach alignment. How are we going to manage the bee that's being accepted with what's being actually drawn to make sure that we're not having sort of two different types of documents that's ultimately being raised in via scope confusion

Speaker 5  1:23:38
to how we've been integrating our call them the facility integration team, so Jeremy and Echo ultimately they're the owners of the design criteria and requirements. So to Dominic's point, I think the design team needs time to go through the design iteration process unit up to development design development CDs, and as part of that approval process, Jeremy and Echo

Unknown Speaker  1:24:12
will be, will be a part of that.

Speaker 4  1:24:17
It's a really well taken point, Conor, and obviously version control is going to become crucial for both us, well, everyone in this room to understand what is included and what's not in any particular pricing package that produces going forward. I want to table the conversation for a minute, maybe it can do something during our, we get a little deeper in the workshops, we can figure out what makes sense in the way forward. Just to note, we've been instructed the design team is making progress. We're currently updating drawings to reflect BD decisions, and if we should put our pencils down on that effort, we need to know right away, or in the alternative, if we need to keep going with that in service of a building permit package that we can submit on june 15, we need that guidance too, but it's none of the things that we're looking at in the scope reduction log are going to make it into the june 15 permanent submission. I just want to be really clear-eyed about that, and so you're nodding, Courtney. Yeah, we're racing to get the BE decisions documented for permanent, and we can continue down that path, that's a plan, but if, but let's have raised those questions, and I think we should readdress them this afternoon or tomorrow conversation. Just to be clarified

Speaker 5  1:25:59
direction, the way leadership was everything on DVD. We're continuing to move forward with, we're not going penses down this scope reduction, however, although you see a group down there, we do need to hold off until we need to have a conversation

Speaker 6  1:26:19
on the calendar, so I calendar sooner or later, but

Speaker 5  1:26:24
this scope production activity, and we need to pause until we absolutely have clear alignment on going back to what is the cost, because that cost is going to drive all of these items, or otherwise can be sitting everybody out on designing something that doesn't really exist,

Ryan Hankins  1:26:44
and like from my perspective, like when I hear, like, oh, the design team's still designing to hit this date on this unachievable cost, I'm like, oh, maybe, maybe they're gonna go call, you know, like a Bill Gates or something, and go get another 100 million dollars, and so I just like, from a mixed messaging standpoint, like that's what I'm hearing when I say, oh, they're still drawing, like they're still making phone calls to these, you know, private equity type deals to go, and so what we're doing on the VE side may not be real, and we're still, we're still working on two parallel paths versus focusing on what this ve path is. I think the majority of

Speaker 5  1:27:29
the ve savings is coming from actually the mechanical system design, so I do think there's value in letting Astrid go through that exercise, only to kind of shore it up when we eliminate significant scope, but the central utility HVAC concept has completely changed. So, I think letting her go through that,

Speaker 6  1:27:53
I think it's productive. She's definitely going to have to turn it back. That

Speaker 1  1:28:08
was one perfect answer for you guys.

Ryan Hankins  1:28:15
Are we still in two parallel paths

Speaker 3  1:28:21
from the documentation standpoint. Okay.

Speaker 5  1:28:24
Yes, I think we need to make.. sorry to cut you off, Dominic.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:29
I'm going to jump to.. I think the jump to.. I think it's on everybody's mind. How productive are these things going to be if we

Speaker 5  1:28:39
don't have school nailed out? Is that what if

Speaker 4  1:28:45
you don't have school found out. Yes, although I think also just in terms of issue spotting and having multi-disciplines in the room to say, oh, have you thought about x, y, and z productive because taken, you know, in a vacuum it looks like x savings, but without someone to push back and say, "Oh, but we have to add back painless other thing.

Speaker 5  1:29:06
Is there a value? So now that we have a greater team here, maybe we just significant, we know at least these items are going to be involved in scope production. The other part of this question is, well, what else do we need to add to get down to that related is more investor target, so maybe there is value in going through all of these items,

Speaker 4  1:29:37
that's what we were thinking, just in a wine item basis, and we just discuss history spot and kind of era of the opportunities and risks, and with Mike and Josh here, I'm going to cherry pick the ones that have civil impact, so SR seven is eliminated utility trenches and covers, most of that happens within the building footprint, but is there some utility trenching that's outside five feet,

Speaker 4  1:30:19
and I am not aware of what the impacts are.

Speaker 1  1:30:28
I was going to just bring up on that item as well. The eliminate trenches and covers, okay? Item six is the eliminating the cool down lines and covers. I got it,

Speaker 4  1:30:41
which to my understanding is entirely interior to the building.

Speaker 1  1:30:45
Well, the thing I wanted to bring up, while Mike and Josh are here, and Courtney can speak to what the is is part of that item to then displace any secondary containment to outdoors, or no, we

Speaker 5  1:31:02
also eliminated no. This is completely isolated to remove all process piping, other than the 30 inch water pipe that goes from underneath the DI water tank to the outside DI water tank. There needs to be an element where that pipe is underground to the pointers, etc. just

Speaker 10  1:31:33
only contain that stuff that was interchanges, where does that go, or is that just something that we are head insane, saying it'll come sometimes?

Speaker 5  1:31:44
No, it's our process team actually has on the greater side that French populated, but it's going to and from is

Speaker 10  1:31:56
everything that was in there going to move above ground and is going to be supported from something background, because it's not going to be sitting on the grid, it could

Speaker 5  1:32:06
be, but to your point, I guess, is if it's not a limited trench, we're now to have to find a different

Speaker 10  1:32:17
route, moving it now, kicking it down the road, is there something that we should be doing to prepare to future proof, and I think future proof is going to be like the worst word I can say today in this workshop, but if I don't raise these questions or concerns to you guys, and then in the future we say this is really painful to have to retrofit these columns by putting plates on it, because we're having to build this stuff. I will have missed the opportunity back. I will miss out advocating where I should, for the client, right? So, future time, because there are a couple times here, because I'm not sure that we're not causing ourselves

Speaker 5  1:32:57
problems in the future. It's the right part to make. You're not going to get any pushback from me when you make that comment. These are the kind of things that I need to bring back to Jeremy and Sylvia and Bridge and help them understand. Well, we can take the can down the road to just know that good planning is going to provide at least an idea of where that road is going to be disposed. least an

Unknown Speaker  1:33:33
idea that's kind of been our thought at least on the terms I could see it going back around wanting something to support off a little bit better, but that is early, so more costly there.

Ryan Hankins  1:33:50
There also is substantial infrastructure, from what I understand, as part of the process from a steel perspective, being supported off the ground. Granted, there's foundations, but there's a lot of six foot mat slabs, but to your point, I don't think we really understand the process design enough to.. I don't know, yeah, I don't know if we're gonna answer that here, but you need to answer, you need to ask that question for sure

Speaker 10  1:34:17
space, and it's hard to put things above that space, below the drain, above that space, without having posted them down in the red box space. Is

Ryan Hankins  1:34:32
the roof load designed for additional utilities? No, I guess that means the

Ryan Hankins  1:34:42
five fire protection, which

Speaker 10  1:34:50
would be a reasonable thing to put in for a little bit of extra help, an allowance. I wouldn't even know what that number would be right now, so

Ryan Hankins  1:35:02
if it's just compressed air, it's pretty light, but you know, if it's D, you know, water and all sorts of stuff.

Ryan Hankins  1:35:18
You are aware, though, of the bus duck that's going up there, though. Right? You guys have designed that in, okay? Got you.

Speaker 4  1:35:32
Okay, I'm just scrolling forward to looking. I'm looking for the next kind of civil impact,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:42
the the it is

Ryan Hankins  1:35:51
silver related, but when we talk about the settlement, I get like we're now cutting the, we're cutting all the coatings, we're cutting, we're cutting the trenches, we're cutting like stuff like that. The soils, from what I understand, based on the Geotech report, if they get wet, they will settle more in the future. So, my question is, is if we meet your settlement design criteria of three eighths of an inch, and then Jeremy has a flood one day, or like the tank leaks, and it all seeps into the ground. Then are we in trouble,

Speaker 5  1:36:31
but I think the feedback is good, but if our, if our goal is to reduce costs, that doesn't come without compromising risk. The best that we can do right now is just inform the team that's coming in after saying, hey, this is what you want. If these matters happen, this is.. I don't think it means that we won't waterproof or provide proteins in the future. I think there's a push to just get this first phase up and running as soon as possible. Then, when we get a little more money, we start adding the info with these other opportunities that aren't deadline.

Ryan Hankins  1:37:19
I just see from my perspective, like you phase two the office building, not a big deal. If you phase two some of these coatings, how does that affect settlements? And does that mean, candidly speaking, does that put you guys out of business?

Speaker 5  1:37:38
No, I don't think so. I think I likely just. I think what we do is

Ryan Hankins  1:37:56
let's go ahead and document the risk associated, yeah, the settlement thing I think is going to keep me up at night until until that tank is set, and until it's filled, and until everybody's happy, but I think I'm not going to sleep until then anyway. You have a newborn, that's that's right, that's right, but

Speaker 1  1:38:22
I'm just wondering if in relation to that, that three acres settlement is like set because of how they need to make the connections, but if there's like a catastrophic event and it's the worst case scenario, is there like an engineering solution where they go and like shim up whatever they need to, or is that not?

Ryan Hankins  1:38:40
I have no idea. You put a car jack underneath it?

Speaker 9  1:38:54
I'm trying to let Ryan sleep. Is there a mention of distance from ponding areas in the geotech report, like you got to be, because we do have ponds, right, and they're more so towards the office of the area that we're eliminating, the ponds are directly adjacent to this main structure that we're proposing, and so majority of the site runs away, and then it ultimately goes to the regional detention pond, which is west of the site. Is there any provisions within the geotechnical court that talk about proximity of standing water?

Unknown Speaker  1:39:37
20 feet over here. Okay, I a little bit an hour sleep, yeah, exactly,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:00
so I'm looking at SR 17, which we're showing is rejected.

Speaker 4  1:40:09
I wanted to confirm Courtney and Nick, have the rejected items been rejected, or are those still potentially employed? I I

Unknown Speaker  1:40:23
think they're out. I think they're out.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:25
They were out for operation agreements.

Speaker 5  1:40:28
Okay, I think it's we won't be able to receive achieve net facility thing if we don't have these elements, so

Unknown Speaker  1:40:37
they're mission critical. Gotcha. Okay, just wanted to track

Speaker 4  1:40:48
18 eliminate asphalt and parking lot, and

Ryan Hankins  1:41:01
there's more to that. Are we able to face to that in our entitlements as well? The parking lot as well

Speaker 9  1:41:16
operations, the challenges come in having kind of an all-weather surface, you wanted to put crush funds, it becomes a maintenance challenge. Yeah, the other challenge is that you need to bring everything essentially up to the lip of gutter, and so you're going to have to haul that stuff out later.

Speaker 7  1:41:33
But sorry, I mean, there's another potential solution, but being an Albuquerque, I don't know how costly to get to it, but doing like a geogrid in the pavement is helping you do some of the affidavits course section, as well as the pavement section. There is a cost for the geogrid itself, but it may outweigh saving you an extra two and a half dollars.

Ryan Hankins  1:41:57
We're saving 100 grand on this item, a geogrid, maybe you save 25 grand. I was just

Speaker 1  1:42:09
wondering, Josh, just so that it's clear what is meant here. I know in the VE item, when we talked about removing the asphalt, it was just restricted to those areas of parking, because you still need the like high impact surface for the fire truck access, and that's still

Speaker 7  1:42:25
the case, correct? We would highly recommend that you could always go to Geotech and see how he would be for the base square section to withstand the fire, but yeah, it's just gonna get beat up in your operation, and this is just

Unknown Speaker  1:42:38
gonna erode over time, so the fire access road has to be paid. It doesn't

Speaker 7  1:42:45
have to say we could look at a base course section through the geotech and figure out what that base course section would look like,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:52
but there would be a sorry Courtney. Oh yeah, just gonna say the loading dock area is providing separately. Oh, separate. Okay, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:09
So that one, I guess, if you went with gravel

Speaker 1  1:43:19
or face forces everywhere, there you would need to have some consideration on the fire road for the for the design of that base force. Yeah, and I'm less really

Speaker 7  1:43:29
worried about the fire and worried about the semi steadier coming here. Yeah, right, that especially when you get into the dock and we're making these turning up in

Unknown Speaker  1:43:37
the first, it's just going to destroy

Unknown Speaker  1:43:39
it, and then you have all these little ponds goes back to Chief and Ryan out there

Speaker 9  1:43:49
with it being paved, it kind of conveys that drainage away from the facility much more efficiently, kind of cleans up the site, doesn't have that standing water potential and

Speaker 1  1:44:01
so you're saying that. Sorry, just so that I'm understanding what you're saying here is removing asphalt entirely from the site everywhere.

Ryan Hankins  1:44:11
Yeah, everywhere. I mean, you still have concrete in previous concrete areas, but no.

Speaker 1  1:44:17
Yeah, I just wanted to make sure it's clear. Did you write that down the like eliminating like

Speaker 4  1:44:25
all, let's revisit that in just a second, when we get to SR 24

Unknown Speaker  1:44:32
So I'm going to scroll down,

Speaker 4  1:44:36
but we'll make concrete uploading docks and replace with base courses. SR 24 yeah.

Speaker 1  1:44:42
I think that other one is maybe where the asphalt is, though, from the parking lots. Yeah, just because there's a distinction between this item and the BB item that was similar to this is

Speaker 9  1:45:01
all the inlets with everything to assume that there would be developed or impervious area in the future, the ponds, the pipes, the inlets, everything would be sized such that it's all

Unknown Speaker  1:45:41
impervious lasting previous

Speaker 5  1:45:52
It's actually something some additional savings associated with not having to create these missing our student athletes,

Speaker 9  1:46:05
and that's a whole, like, a side topic that we can discuss on OS three, because I think the thought that we've carried is that it was going to be built in an ultimate condition for not only our site but also the sites to the west of us that don't belong to us, like it's going to be built to support all of that. There is a high potential for us to drastically reduce that and simply build it in order just to support our site and just to support our first phase infrastructure.

Speaker 5  1:46:41
I think kind of the public conversations with the development agreement, so I don't know how there's a button for this, but several months ago Mini brought this up, and my whole point is safer than cash flow on fiscal fusion zone, so if we don't have to spend money liabilities don't have to that site across the conversation believe conversation we went away with that conversation.

Speaker 9  1:47:16
There's not my mind felt as if the need to build OS three, and its ultimate condition was to ultimately serve as an amenity, not only for you guys, but also build it in a way that, like, it kind of, we that way it's not something that's constantly being worked on, and it could be tabled to a later date and rebuild the ponds that are currently detailed within

Speaker 5  1:47:41
our grading plan. It makes sense to me that we would have a design for the future, so we're not having to read, you guys aren't having to go back to the drawing board every single time something comes in and develops under additional tracks, but I think for the execution piece we're just going to stick to track J through this and

Speaker 6  1:48:08
execute a pond that accommodates just to track J, while having is that possible while having a

Speaker 9  1:48:21
plan, so then and yeah, yes, nobody is driving the bus from the city standpoint that I've heard of or aware of to build OS three in its ultimate condition, but that is a tremendous cost, not only from a trading standpoint, but also from the on-state standpoint, there's quite a bit of money that's baked into that, that the idea was to allocate that amongst all the other contributing entities, but I think that there could be opportunities just to not spend that money out.

Speaker 5  1:48:54
I'm assuming we priced that, so we priced it from the landscaping and from the existing OS three plan, which includes everything, I guess. The question back to Erica is, did we price that to accommodate kind of this conversation, or it included the entire scope,

Ryan Hankins  1:49:16
which part OS OS three is underneath the power lines, right for the west, yeah. And you're saying, did we price it for the temporary drainage situation? Yes, we did not price it for landscaping and all those other things, because that wasn't called for.

Speaker 9  1:49:37
So you're currently carrying the building of the pond, as it's shown in our grading plan,

Speaker 7  1:49:43
to be clear, is what track changes right, plus the what's draining there now, right, so it's not taking into consideration on

Speaker 9  1:49:58
top of that, it's also not contemplating a reduction in impervious area for a phase one approach that could be reduced about an acre foot, which is pretty significant.

Ryan Hankins  1:50:13
Reduced, meaning we don't have to dig as far down. Yeah, that's let's not get excited, though. It's not like that's not a golden nugget or anything, but yeah, it's, it's, yeah, it's your guys, yeah.

Speaker 9  1:50:28
Well, and to be clear, the need to still hit the inverts of those strong drain pipes becomes critical, because that, that is driven by kind of the overall design of the strong drain systems, so it wouldn't be so much not going deeper, we'd still have to go that deep, it would be like whether or not it's wide, yeah, but yes, I agree, it's not, I'm adding it as line ahead, since this is turned into scope production, I think it's more

Speaker 4  1:51:17
that is a great place to press pause. We've been going for about an hour 15. Let's do a 10 minute break.

Ryan Hankins  1:51:31
Hey, Conor, are you still there?

Ryan Hankins  1:51:38
You're good. Hey, I know you are jumping in and out. Is there anything that you need that you want to just want to make sure we give you the floor for a minute? Is there anything you want to discuss relative to civil or upfront entitlements or anything else? No, I'm good. Okay, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:02
Do Okay, well, with that self-serving 10 minute break, I'll kind of be right back, I

Speaker 9  1:52:42
Are cost related, but it's just challenges related to various municipalities, like the water authority is one of our biggest challenges. They tend to pose issues when it comes to getting water removed, whatever it might be. So, but that's like broad construction, that's not something you know we really be discussing, I think, now the gas. I know the gas has been swamped. Has there been active discussions with New Mexico Gas Company? Because I do know that they have a regulator station nearby, and I know that that's capable of being able to provide a certain amount of pressures, and I assume that we met with them

Ryan Hankins  1:53:19
that last week. They're gonna run like a 10 foot line, right.

Speaker 2  1:53:24
It's like right there in the street, or right street. It's very short run, good. Just really depends

Unknown Speaker  1:53:29
on where we want to locate our meter. Identify where and where it ties into the building. Yeah, one

Speaker 7  1:53:35
of the topics is joint trench ride transfer PNF down the west side of the site, and we want to make sure that can occur existing. No, it's not. So we put up the drawing real quick, or I guess, like,

Ryan Hankins  1:54:02
so over here, Craig Craig Watson, the very corner right here, they're just gonna, they're just gonna tie into the road right here and just put a meter right there, okay? And then it's up to us to get it from that corner to wherever on the building we think it makes sense

Unknown Speaker  1:54:26
by the southwest side by the cub

Ryan Hankins  1:54:29
somewhere I'm guessing and so I've actually never had to deal with this before, usually the utilities bring it all the way to the building, but since they're only going to the corner, I think is that your design?

Speaker 9  1:54:43
They typically will go to inside the site, and so we more often than not defer to Mexico Gas to bring it to the point of connection of the building itself, and usually that's where the meter is, so

Ryan Hankins  1:54:56
there's a gap there that'd be beautiful. That's what I'm used to. That's what they said, it would just be we would be

Unknown Speaker  1:55:03
on the hook for the additional cost. Oh, I thought it was to bring it to the point of connection would be on

Ryan Hankins  1:55:12
us perfect, and I don't even know who does that. I mean, like the Silk guys don't like doing it, either.

Speaker 9  1:55:20
No, usually it's gas that's not wet. Yeah, so there they said that's the corner, that that's a point of connection, because there's a gas regulator station on the just on the other side of OS three that sits over there, and I was thinking that that line might have came on the north side of Fritz, but they're coming on that corner, which is fine. I just wanted to be cognizant about any of our crossings, because we have a lot of sewer services, fire services that are coming in off of Fritz.

Ryan Hankins  1:55:51
I wanted, how far is that regulator station?

Speaker 9  1:55:53
It's not that far. It's so the OS three is here, and then there's another track, and just north of that other track is where that regulator

Speaker 8  1:56:01
station is. Is it closer than from here to there, or

Speaker 7  1:56:05
is it closer from here to there? But, like, you're thinking they have an existing line already in Fritz.

Speaker 9  1:56:12
I actually don't know that I would assume there's a line that's built within Fritz of what's been constructed thus far, and that it would simply be a connection here. I would assume that there are existing utilities within Watson. I don't know if gas is in there, but it sounds like it's not, and that they're needing to come across the street from Crick in order to get to that point of connection. And then, are they running a future distribution line in the PUE? Do we know

Speaker 9  1:56:47
not much savings there, but it, it all kind of depends on the point of connection. I would assume from an MEP standpoint, like, I don't know where they're planning on coming into the building near that southwest corner, it's gonna be over here,

Speaker 7  1:56:59
so if there is a line that they wouldn't put on driveway or risking the cost from the meter to that right?

Unknown Speaker  1:57:17
Did you send this to us? Oh. but just our typical bureaucracy is one that kind of

Unknown Speaker  1:57:29
causes the biggest challenges, you know. The other piece,

Speaker 7  1:57:33
I think, so to Mike, right? It's crazy, we'll get great change across those large fabric tanks, so understanding there's a foot or two of fall along that tank, so you have exposed concrete, which means a deeper foundation.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:50
You're saying along this edge right here, right?

Speaker 7  1:57:52
The tank itself, so the tank is sitting on a concrete pad, and so on the east side of the pad it's six inches long, and then gets the West End, it might be, but half got to be, because there's a slope across there, slope for Ostrich,

Unknown Speaker  1:58:07
then it pushes your foundation down deeper, pushing the needle anywhere,

Unknown Speaker  1:58:14
you don't see any issue with moving the fire line, that was no effect on your

Unknown Speaker  1:58:22
well in the fire that fire riser, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:58:25
Because we have in the new right hand side, yeah, we in the new scope we have to move the fire riser room since it was between grid line 10 and 12. We're putting it there, so you have to reach all your fire lines, make sure that that's right.

Speaker 7  1:58:40
pipe right, it's more pipe on the entry side, but less pipe coming out, so it's probably a wash,

Unknown Speaker  1:58:48
and this is just a sketch to locate it somewhere, right?

Speaker 3  1:58:51
It would just have to be within that zone and have external access to the building, right, so

Speaker 1  1:59:04
Yes, the other item, and this is not the scope reduction, but just while Josh up here, I don't know if it's worth mentioning to Clayco about that metering member, and that conversation that we had with the Water Utility Affiliate about the wastewater, there's going to have to be a test port that I don't think is accounted for yet in any drawings, but it sounds like it's going to be required

Speaker 7  1:59:38
on the sewer, so they can get an actually test what's being destroyed from the vault sources. What they're describing,

Unknown Speaker  1:59:49
like six foot by eight foot vault, is on the opposite, but I just wanted to make sure that here Right,

Speaker 1  2:00:06
one thing that we've talked a lot about is like having like phase one, phase two. Can somebody take a drawing and kind of give us that, like what is going to be phase one and phase two, so we can, that was my make sure that we have that clear, and then my second question, and maybe you talked about it, because I'm sorry, I was trying to multitask on all this, is as we're cutting off this whole section of the building and reducing the occupancy, I'm assuming, do we are we reducing some of the parking along with that, so that that would also be part of that phase of are we building all the parking now or can we face some of that, yeah, I think you probably could, yeah, because it's based on square footage, based on square footage and occupancy, so a phase plan would help kind of all of us look at it and say what do we really need based on what this building is going to be today get time to design that, that would really help solidify some of the costs, but I think, yeah, if we're cutting off all that square footage, I would take the parking and phase that with it. I agree, it's not cost, yeah, but it's some money, right? I would rather do that than

Speaker 7  2:01:21
put construction phasing too, a little not throwing away

Speaker 1  2:01:25
that infrastructure exactly, and then looking at like the VE to go take the asphalts out and just put DG, which is such a maintenance issue, I'd rather phase the parking and put asphalt in.

Speaker 7  2:01:36
Yeah, and the other thing we're just talking about is we can get rid of the curb and those parking piles, as well. Just let those go straight. Yeah, so you remove the curbing gutters, and what do you do? You just let it drain into the landscape islands. Oh, gotcha. Okay,

Speaker 3  2:02:01
yeah, that was my attempt. This document was to start what the phased approach would look like. If you go later and said it shows, okay, the unstructured impacts. We, you know, this is me finding, yeah, and it's in the blue years. Okay, we definitely need their input could be finalized, but they're thinking about what happens to the roof, and then further foundation, so all those footings moving over. I think maybe it's adding

Speaker 1  2:02:35
in like an overall site plan as well. Yeah, would be a helpful thing to add into that.

Unknown Speaker  2:02:39
Yeah, that's that's the missing piece through this site,

Unknown Speaker  2:02:49
really cool stuff. Okay, that's my question for civil. So we'll send you this diagram, yeah.

Speaker 4  2:02:56
I assume pricing on a per stall basis of how many stalls we can you said it

Speaker 1  2:03:06
was like 80 8600 for the square footage of the hub, and then how much was the other around 4041 so we're at like 48 49,000 square feet, that's being reduced overall,

Speaker 3  2:03:22
I so yeah, this is the electrical underground. It shifted

Speaker 5  2:03:34
like we derailed the conversation, but I had a few thoughts, just based on some of the conversations that you had with your we'll do that

Speaker 4  2:03:45
in appropriate time. Okay. Well, I think we're getting near a wrapping point for Mike and Josh, and just taking action items out of the conversations that we've had, there's the STP package was just collating the PDFs and getting those over to the city, uploading the client through the portal, I believe

Speaker 4  2:04:22
those are the things I captured on our side. Mike Josh, I don't think there's really.. you guys don't have action items per se advice, except to find $30 million right? Right.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:32
Well, overall science, yeah. Phase two, and then, and then, obviously,

Speaker 9  2:04:44
kind of next steps, just we need to revise a race, and I think being able to get, like, I just mentioned at the beginning, being able to get in front of the city and be open with them about kind of this is our new approaches, where we're at, I think, would be advantageous, and it's not necessarily include the building safety folks, because they're not the James presidents, the Deborah Rowleys. Those folks aren't necessarily going to be folks that are critical for that discussion. This is going to be just Shahab, Robin, and Jay, like the Jay Rodenbeck, in terms of those people that are talking specific to the BFT plan set, and let them sit, you know, understand where we're at with respect to the to this phase approach and updated site plan, it would be helpful to get an approved one first, yeah

Speaker 2  2:05:40
that's a priority. One

Unknown Speaker  2:05:49
is the fencing. Could it be removed? The suitcase along the perimeter,

Unknown Speaker  2:05:57
that option was taken or marked as around the perimeter, so that means around I think the only place it would remain is like near the, yeah,

Speaker 4  2:06:22
so puts us at a point where we can pivot to structural

Unknown Speaker  2:06:33
jump in, so the way I, I've seen the expectations,

Speaker 5  2:06:41
but what we're trying to do is come up with a realistic plan to meet leadership of expectations, but I've seen expectations of leadership is really putting pressure on the overall construction hard class number, so I think how we can best, I can best handle the situation with our leadership team, is to help them understand. I'm going to boil it down to two scenarios where each one of those two scenarios are going to have compromises range. So today I'll call this scenario one, where we have found about $40 million of scope reduction, and that gives us an all-in cost, which is about, we'll say, $30 million above what our leadership wants us to target. I think what Nick and I can do with a few pieces of feedback from you all is develop a design and construction plan associated with this 40 million that's already been approved today, and that's kind of what we're talking through right now. I think that's we can create a very clear path for Keith to help him understand. Hey, redesign is going to take x amount of weeks, we wouldn't do submitting a permit, that's what the permit approval is going to impact construction mobilization. We want to be able to get the delivery team until I stayed. Right, I think we could paint that picture relatively well. The second scenario that I'm thinking of putting before the leadership is, if you want us to meet what would be an additional $30 million scope reduction, we're not gonna be able to do that. I just don't see the way we're talking about reducing bridge crane capacity, which is gonna impact the entire system. I, you know, I think there's a few other items on it sooner that you can kind of throw a number at, but it'll be a couple million here, a couple million there. It's not a $30 million number. We really have to do a redesign if we need to get there. So I want to create a scenario too, but I think part of that conversation is okay if I'm if we're looking at removing 75 ton auxiliary host, and we reduce the center bridge range from 400 to 300 Can we, as a team, within the next couple days, throw the high gap that to figure out how much we get? How much steel do we save? Does that do the foundations? Does that do the trainings? And that's going to be nice scenario too. Hopefully, it needs to put a million, but that's really what we're looking at, while keeping the program in place that Pacific Fusion does not want to compromise, but with that program is going to come compromises and still procurement and permitting and construction. we'll still be able to break ground, but there's going to be a significant lag. I'm looking at probably six months scheduled,

Ryan Hankins  2:09:51
six month. That's the fact that we're talking about is good. Like, I'm glad that that's what we're throwing out.

Speaker 5  2:10:00
Really on you guys to put some confidence around that, but if we're talking about I'm kind of talking about workspaces, Mark needs minimum,

Speaker 5  2:10:19
and then I know our meal schedules are based on weeks, could be longer, yeah,

Ryan Hankins  2:10:31
six months is a great baseline, if that's what we're, that's that's a good

Speaker 5  2:10:34
baseline, I don't want to just take that and infer that to keep it, I want us to do the work timeframe, so I want to get feedback for a lot of things. If this is the thing that's going to make this deal, how much time does money? How does that impact permits? And when can we.. when is the new design site going to come out, or Clayco, can now take that to market, produce a no order off of it, when could we get in to that mill order, and how does that impact substantial completion? So those are kind of the two scenarios that I'll, over the next couple days, I'm going to start working on. You'll still see me flipping away at it, I'll show you guys, but as we talk, and I think some of the structural items, if we can work together on this 300 ton bridges to understand an introduction reduction, I think that will help paint the picture. Ultimately, what I'm going to do is I'm going to do is I'm going to put that. These are the two available options that we have today.

Speaker 3  2:11:53
Second option was to where it affects his steel design fast track schedule, and the first option

Speaker 5  2:12:00
is yes, in order to one safer bill order, where we're really just redesigning based on some of the all of the already approved items, and I'm making a big statement here that it's not

Speaker 6  2:12:19
going to impact the existing, yeah, so Is

Unknown Speaker  2:12:27
but I think kind of going back is that

Speaker 6  2:12:31
RNP still happens if

Speaker 10  2:12:36
we can cut that steel off and put it in a second to get in

Speaker 3  2:12:45
both those scenarios, are we still considering the scope reduction that we're already talking about with removing grid on center 12, and all discussed is still part of those two scenarios.

Speaker 5  2:12:57
That's right. So, scenario two is basically everything in scenario one, plus got it, you know, trying to find that additional $30 million and again, I just don't see being able to publish that without just the steel sizes. I don't think we've produced footprints, it's just

Speaker 1  2:13:19
on that drawing, it's not a possibility for you all from the operation side to remove like the entire admin space and labs at this point,

Speaker 5  2:13:31
definitely not. So, I would say, you know, we do need a place of gathering, God, no matter how small it is. The lab space is critical to that next little game. They need that

Speaker 1  2:13:45
from day one. They don't need it. Yeah, I didn't know if it's needed when they're building the machine or

Speaker 5  2:13:51
right after, but it sounds like that substantial condition they would come in and start.

Speaker 5  2:14:00
There's also another thought with the central utility building, instead of having conferences prefabricated

Speaker 3  2:14:18
metal building, or just were you talking about like insulated metal panels for the full

Speaker 3  2:14:31
just for the cup, so R and D would remain till

Speaker 6  2:14:36
the cup would be basically prefabricated steel, and that that's

Speaker 10  2:14:41
steel, I don't think you'll see a lot of benefit in going to that, because it's a small part of this, and then you're trying to connect it to when they start to interfaces their efficiency runs down, so

Speaker 4  2:15:04
it would want to be a standalone thing, connections between the two buildings, but you'd want to treat that just as its own PEMB

Speaker 10  2:15:16
building separation. I would say, unless you're able to completely separate it, you won't see that

Speaker 4  2:15:40
something we could study. The yard is a little tight up against the way it looks right now, just

Speaker 5  2:15:49
wondering it, but we could, we could study it back in November, December is really safeguarding some of that additional back there, safer machine itself at this point, or so all of that

Speaker 10  2:16:13
level things you'd be able to get just the decision line of keeping them connected and just minimizing the exterior wall, though, and minimizing all SR

Speaker 5  2:16:40
36.5 is just removing the HVAC, it

Speaker 4  2:16:51
would really crack up on a bunch of set, a bunch of entitlements questions, and then their code requirements about structures having a separation requirement of maximum speed, just a lot of there's a lot of cascading.

Speaker 6  2:17:16
Yes, you could probably run that. Are the facades changing drastically? What's with you?

Speaker 9  2:17:22
36.5 there's the risk increases in terms of approvability, because they've seen something we've approved that now you're giving us something totally different, and then the need to potentially throw in the ARC in the mix, because now the ARC has already paid something to look, and then they'll need to chime in and give their two cents.

Speaker 5  2:18:08
Okay, sir. Just kind of documenting this. I think I think it's worth going through admin, and I'm definitely brought some lags on this, I

Ryan Hankins  2:18:31
We can look at it, I think the problem we have with, we'll need to the link is basically what we're doing is we're peeling that out of your design scope, basically, and saying, hey, we're gonna go to, you know, Varco Prudent, or whoever, for them to price something like they're gonna need, like, all your inputs, so we could probably set up a meeting, but, like, I just hate PMPs. They just suck in just about every aspect of the word, so I'm happy to go down that path, but sometimes you don't even get the best information out of them, especially in the pricing stage, because they just want you to abandon what you're doing, and then they, they jack up their price later, so they're not like with Google

Speaker 1  2:19:29
pre-manufactured metal buildings shall be prohibited or visible from public right of way, which is everywhere on our site we're Money, the

Ryan Hankins  2:19:48
problem is the steel numbers. You're not going to get that, you're not going to get that efficiency from your cost standpoint. You're just going to beep this shit out of the PKP. The bigger cost savings is mounting everything from the floor, but then you still have a lot more steel you're adding, so at the end of the day, like

Ryan Hankins  2:20:14
I like the path we're on right now. Yeah, I

Ryan Hankins  2:20:22
It PE and BS, they suck. Yeah. Oh my gosh.

Speaker 5  2:20:27
Okay. Well, it sounds like, okay, you shaved that down. Sounds like there's an opportunity to lighten the steel. I didn't get $300 out of it, but lighten the steel by just moving everything to the ground. It

Ryan Hankins  2:20:43
didn't mean to be so negative, but I've never met anybody who's been happy with a peg by

Unknown Speaker  2:21:00
Did every time we modified it, we had to go back to their engineers to get an approval letter

Speaker 3  2:21:16
to it's ridiculous this It's a coordination that American trying to come with any utilities or openings.

Ryan Hankins  2:21:29
I'd rather just call Frank, knowing he's gonna have a smile on his face, so if that makes

Speaker 5  2:21:41
sense, if makes sense, I think I am going to work on those two scenarios for everybody presenting that to my leadership, but let me know if I'm not seeing something that I should be seeing, but I do think at this point, based on all the conversations we've had, everything we've tried to squeeze out of this school production effort, those are the two available options to us, while ultimately saving targeting the program that has rejected a lot of the other larger scoping items,

Ryan Hankins  2:22:17
which, sorry, which two, so the first scenario is the already approved $40 million That means, oh yeah, I'm good with

Speaker 5  2:22:25
your scenario. Two is really reducing the HVAC equipment, cleaning that on ground, reducing the pub steel, and then taking a look at the center bridge crane, reducing capacity by 100 times to 300 times, seeing what that does to the steel tonnage and the entire RFP population

Speaker 5  2:22:49
again. I don't know that that's going to be $30 million but those are quantifying schedule permitting substantial completion impacts. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to give that back to my new going to give that back to my leadership team and say this is the options that are available to

Ryan Hankins  2:23:14
the customer, and you need to present those options today, or is it like, do you have a couple days? I'd like us to

Unknown Speaker  2:23:26
align on those two options. How long will we do design?

Speaker 5  2:23:35
What is the high-level design schedule, the no order schedule window look like for us, and then how does that align with constructive milestone days? Bret Brown will stay the same, but the two other milestones that leadership tracks would be when can we get delivery team in the door and when will phase one substantial completion kind and so at some point I think we're just going to have to fill up and do what we did last Monday with Mark and start figuring out, okay, 310

Unknown Speaker  2:24:19
bridge cranes save you 2500 500 tons of

Ryan Hankins  2:24:26
steel, 6000 tons of steel.

Ryan Hankins  2:24:38
No, I like that approach, I

Speaker 4  2:24:42
would it make sense then at this point from that very high level view of things to dive a little bit more into the leads on on these items with Mark? And okay, great. Well, I'll go back to the top of the list.

Speaker 4  2:25:08
Think the first one, open a cub isolation, pretty straightforward. I don't think there's really any thing to discuss.

Speaker 10  2:25:18
My comment on that one coordinate still a requirement to maintain the full panel kind of going through the roof of the interface, or is there a different option, CMU below or half full panel below, or something? Only question does the constructibility of that

Unknown Speaker  2:25:54
target line design a point nine and

Ryan Hankins  2:25:59
two is basically just between the cub and the word 8.1 we're fine with it. I mean, like, as long as we know now versus like when we're forming, you know, like we can, we can do blackouts. It's it's pain, but it's what it needs to happen. So, yeah, and then

Unknown Speaker  2:26:22
CMU then

Unknown Speaker  2:26:32
CMU reflect the cost changes, premises of schedule change, really don't yes, you will want to see material

Speaker 9  2:26:48
changes, look and feel in that elevation. Yeah, that would all be

Speaker 3  2:26:57
interior. Yeah, it's a stack to walls, so there would be like cell panel above, and then below would be whatever assembly.

Speaker 10  2:27:21
No, I mean, we're just not.. it was an initial thought we had, we'll

Unknown Speaker  2:27:30
take it off the table, that suggestion.

Unknown Speaker  2:27:42
Well, especially

Speaker 10  2:27:42
like, sorry, sound like switching that into your wall, and actually save any money or schedule. The tilt is the

Ryan Hankins  2:27:57
easiest from the schedule stand.

Speaker 10  2:28:01
Yeah, we're trying to do it because it's a little bit funky for structural reasons.

Ryan Hankins  2:28:11
If it reduces, if it reduces tonnage, then that's another, yeah, it's like getting a block layer to get out there and do like couple walls, like, yeah, I mean, versus just forming up an extra sheet of concrete, it's pretty simple. We'll just need to coordinate on the actual penetration. We'll probably need to oversize the hole and probably need some architecture insight into how that gets detailed. It's

Speaker 4  2:28:42
okay. next one. Eliminate cub 123 and that's the phase two again. Straightforward.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:56
Okay, eliminate mild cool down pits and covers

Unknown Speaker  2:29:02
and Anything to know about this? Yeah,

Speaker 10  2:29:08
my only comment on that one was it's another one of those, I think this one is deferred in column D, right? So our comment on that is just made me aware that it's a little painful, be painful to put that in the future, is because you'll be excavating and undermining adjacent to existing foundations, the foundation of that county group, essentially wanting to build underneath that stuff, possible, but painful. Oh, sorry, I just, I

Speaker 1  2:29:41
just thought that in terms of what I understood in a previous meeting about the PF deferred scope for the Mitel pits and covers is that it's deferred but will not happen under slab. If it's kind of a good future, it will not be something that goes into under the slab, it's going to happen in a different iteration, like maybe above slab or out of building or something else, that's correct.

Speaker 2  2:30:09
Doing that in the future, Mark, how does that impact geo peers? Would we still be able to get through there?

Ryan Hankins  2:30:18
Wait, we're talking about digging the pits later. Yeah, the pits later, there's gonna be a nightmare. You are, you are talking about a gigantic interruption to you guys' process. Yeah, like not do that. Yeah, like if they're gonna go in, they need to go in now, versus just don't put them in. We're talking about when I

Speaker 5  2:30:47
Moves by saying we would defer it, we would eliminate this, however,

Ryan Hankins  2:31:02
I imagine somebody trying to dig a 30 foot hole.

Speaker 4  2:31:10
Okay, the next one I start on to eliminate facility trenches and covers.

Speaker 5  2:31:21
That's right, except for the 30 inch water pipe, so just be in that that 30 inch water pipe crunch would be reduced just for that height, so any kind of standoffs, valves clearance needed for those valves and installations, it reduces we

Ryan Hankins  2:31:47
still need to do the maintenance pit extension for the park that goes under the slab,

Unknown Speaker  2:32:02
our comment on this one is, if it's going somewhere else, we should have some sort of a discussion about how to accommodate that.

Ryan Hankins  2:32:21
I have a dumb question, so like I've seen the model, and I've seen the pulser tubes, they look freaking heavy, and then you have these steel structures, you don't have any foundations in your design, you're just that's just being supported off the slab, yeah, and you're good with that, think so, because I mean, like, when we talk about, like, oh, some of this stuff might, like, because part of my thought about on this one is, okay, we'll just, we'll just kick it to Jeremy and make it Jeremy's problem, but then that means he's supporting it off the ground, right? Can he just support it off his existing infrastructure, or do we need to add more foundations for him, or an extra inch of concrete somewhere?

Speaker 10  2:33:13
I mean, with the spot that we have, generally we can do, for example, like a data center application, you can usually put in steel frame, in particular. okay,

Ryan Hankins  2:33:32
that's that's what I would see is like the like, hey, let's just forget about it and make it Jeremy's problem. I think that's what we're saying, is

Speaker 6  2:33:40
we'll figure it out. Please, we're going to have to just kind of document saying, "Hey, this has been thought through, and it needs to be thought through during machine installed. Mark, I want to say that some folks are actually

Unknown Speaker  2:33:57
looking at how they're supposed to sell out patients. make that,

Ryan Hankins  2:34:04
let's add that to that as a Jeremy problem. The additional ones for the additional utilities under the slab that would have been in the trenches,

Ryan Hankins  2:34:21
so yeah, so it's just that we're deferring the risk associated with the removal of the trenches and the utilities that are going to move above the slab that becomes Jeremy's problem to figure out how he's going to deal with

Unknown Speaker  2:34:39
it, those utilities

Ryan Hankins  2:34:44
utilities have support them? It will just be part of his standalone infrastructures and stuff. Was that in

Speaker 1  2:34:51
the previous time that we discussed that it sounded like potentially we would add some sort of an allowance for things to be found above, or that's not going to get added.

Speaker 10  2:35:02
We could add something to hang from the roof if we had an idea of what that was. Think it's a reasonable thing to do. It's gonna have to get supported somewhere. I mean, the options are hang from the roof, hang from columns of walls, or provide additional steel training to make a raise rate for

Unknown Speaker  2:35:25
it. The bridge crane traveling

Speaker 10  2:35:29
gets a lot easier for 75 tires in there, but otherwise you got to start crossing that, or you're limiting the space of where you can actually do things while lifting. That was probably some of the glory that being literary, yeah, free zone, yeah,

Speaker 4  2:35:54
okay, floor flatness and levelness.

Ryan Hankins  2:36:03
so general statement, I think everyone knows that I'm scared about the settlement. I understand that you guys are not going to have, you guys are going to have a relaxed requirement for the slab. I'm still worried about, like, what happens if I just place six foot of concrete, we preload it, and, like, it just looks like, you know, Fido's like, you guys aren't gonna be happy, like, so I would say we still probably need to figure some kind of, like, topping slab pour, especially from a differential settlement. I think that's a contingency strategy. If all fails, and we still have that, hey, we pour an extra six inches, at least six inches of concrete as a topping level settlement, just just in case shit hits the fan. I think it's a good contingency

Speaker 5  2:37:01
strategy, and that was so the way I would reference this to Jeremy and Keith, is that I would probably put that out as like a

Ryan Hankins  2:37:11
million dollar ad, it was like 700 that was that's the same deduct you're seeing here, the risk that they will take on if they remove this 700 grand, that's probably the better way to put it, is that when the concrete is placed, it is what it is, and there's no way for us to really, we could probably grind, we could probably grind, but like grinding concrete, it's pretty,

Unknown Speaker  2:37:36
you're chasing your tail, yeah, you get two over there, go there.

Speaker 3  2:37:44
I mean, I guess the over that distance with the amount of settlement you're anticipating is about six inches over that distance, so that would be the anticipated settlement. If you don't go forward with topping slab, it's going to vary six inches over across that area.

Speaker 10  2:38:07
Is the SF an FL requirement in kind of the I shape in the middle of the RNA space, where we have a six foot map and all the other stuff? Is that a way to confusion side to achieve the supplement values you want, because I don't see a vehicle driving over that space or something, I don't see, I don't see anything going on that space, because there's so much stuff sitting right, so like was that requirement put in just to kind of meet, help us meet the settlement criteria, or was there really a hey, it needs to be flat because we're going to pour water on it. I've always wondered about the settlement criteria for the FF and FL criteria in that area, because it's just a lot of stuff sitting on it, right? Modules have pedestals, the Pulsar Two set of stands sitting on the only thing is the tank is actually bearing up ground, and I think that the tank has a steel bottom, and then you drop under that steel bottom.

Ryan Hankins  2:39:11
So, I'll be honest, I think Jeremy is not thinking about this enough, because, like, going back to what I was talking about earlier, like there's nothing in the settlement criteria for any of the pulsar tubes, if they're that heavy, I don't know how heavy they are, but and if they're sitting on your 10 inch, 12 inch slab, how much settlement are they going to see there? So, whatever we see between the MI, the IMG, and the in the in the pit or the thing, like there's settlement there that it could be dipping. I would agree with that. Yeah, so I don't think the settlement's been thought through all the way.

Speaker 6  2:39:50
Yes, I think to answer your question, though, Mark, I haven't had a clear answer. It's all about high levels and understanding

Speaker 5  2:40:02
that tank means a certain lower flatness criteria. I would imagine it's not much more than your typical industrial, but a lot of this conversation is just being driven off a very called very vague statement that we finally manage the needs of an inch across the two components without really considering,

Ryan Hankins  2:40:25
and that's where, like, having two engine, like, well, one engineer, and then one Pacific Fusion team, not underneath you guys' design scope, it creates a pretty large gap for risk, where you know if that tube does shear and Jeremy gets passed, like I'd be like, I don't know what you wanted

Unknown Speaker  2:40:46
to do. Okay, maybe I'm just..

Speaker 5  2:40:48
yeah, I would say we're just talking about the first.. there's a lot on those right now. The reality is we're not going to be able to get the information that we need to design, so the way we manage that is definitely Jeremy saying, hey, this is a

Speaker 4  2:41:09
scenario. I just.. I don't know, maybe I'm just not thinking about this the right way, but I see in that, in that area, endless opportunities to shim and fine tune. You have all those H frames, but you can adjust what's on. I would agree. I think the only

Speaker 10  2:41:29
area where this question was the paint, right? Like, nobody knows the paint company, but that's a pretty small area, instead of maintaining that football, and I

Speaker 5  2:41:44
think the way to manage this is exactly, it's exactly that, though. It's the reality is, when these pulse tubes come onsite, assembling these pulse tubes and commissioning them is going to happen in places. Remove those pulse tubes in, we're going to get them set up, they won't be bolted on, but they're gonna make Jerry's work is pretty wedding conversation, and they should sit on that slack for a while, and shimming should occur after that, after a week or two weeks of those just sitting on a slide, he's starting to pick better from these conversations, those dudes. where that

Ryan Hankins  2:42:33
new data is right, so in conclusion of like this item, we price this item because we were trying to save money, but I think cutting the money is not wise, because we don't understand exactly what we're doing yet.

Speaker 5  2:42:48
I agree with you, however, this is going to be a Jeremy decision. So I think again, this just goes back to the fact, like Jeremy Keith, you're asking me to find, you know, 100 million dollars in scope. We can't relax on some of this criteria. Sure. So, the way I want this team to manage the conversation is not to not to eliminate opportunities, but instead just push risk, emphasize the risk, and say to her decision, because of the fusion. I don't want to necessarily solving two problems that contradict each other.

Ryan Hankins  2:43:31
I understand it's just it from my perspective. It's just like so hard to do that, just because it's like you know, giving you the option to make a bad decision is just. but I understand

Speaker 1  2:43:55
the question about this, I mean, going way back to a conversation I had with Jeremy, what I understood from him, and again, not taking everything into account, because I don't know everything, but is that like they could support the whole slab being at a, you know, a significant tilt, as opposed to there being different, like a uniform slab, yeah, even if it was like even if like one corner started settling and the whole slab settled, as opposed to there being that differential settlement, but then going back hard to the the transporter conversation, yeah, isn't there

Unknown Speaker  2:44:37
some requirement? I thought that my recovery, there's the other version that wasn't selected

Speaker 10  2:44:45
was loaded susceptible to a platform, manic wheels that was selected has much more relaxed criteria.

Speaker 1  2:45:01
Okay, so that maybe the current transporter would help dictate like what the actual FNSL, making that this one can handle

Unknown Speaker  2:45:11
pretty significant, yeah, pretty low transporters alternating to go outside, yeah.

Speaker 10  2:45:28
I started to circle back on the FF and FL camera, who was here, or in one of the other ones, where there was a reduction in Matt and Them

Speaker 1  2:45:57
related to the settlement. Okay, carry on. So you removed the sorry, the SR nine that the relaxing lift points that point to 80, and the that one was rejected

Speaker 4  2:46:15
was noted as rejected in column eight. It was

Unknown Speaker  2:46:19
yes, so that has been reflected, I think. Yeah, I think there's

Speaker 5  2:46:26
talking about settlement criteria. New Mexico, I think, is one of those places that have those large temperature swings at night and middle of the day. We have a lot of dissimilar metals in our machine install, and if we're doing swings, makes sense. 40 degrees, and that RV spaces can be subject to that. That's going to fatigue things and create connections and create steel issues.

Speaker 1  2:46:57
That was a question that Asperger was helping to get some very. is it okay to let her know that that option has been rejected, rejected for sure

Speaker 4  2:47:19
settlement criteria start 10, so this is the node your call mark costs includes removing one foot of concrete from structural tunnel walls 1.5 from bottle tunnel mass tops. It

Ryan Hankins  2:47:37
sounds like this one is rejected, though.

Speaker 5  2:47:40
So actually, just over Jeremy, I'll invite you to a conversation with him. It sounds, I'm not following the details of Craig's last email to the team, but I basically put something out there memorializing my understanding of the three extension events from a preloading standpoint, Craig provided a heat map of what the actual simulation results are, and after my conversation, Jeremy and I haven't had eyes on this, so I can't take ownership of what I'm saying, but I trust what Jeremy is saying, he's saying that the results of the geo care design is an order of magnitude better than what our threes criteria was, so threes criteria is point 375 Craig came up with a design that was four 1007 inch or 40,000 1000, so magnitude better than so I'm wondering if there's an opportunity to relax the geo peer design. What bring that back in line with three eights of an inch?

Ryan Hankins  2:48:55
I'm not comfortable with that, and I mean this is knowing that Craig's under you guys right now, but likely going to be a design build under us. I just.. I don't think we don't. Yeah, we do not have this settlement criteria thing figured out. Even Craig's email, I was kind of like, it was like, Craig, let's talk first before you start shooting out emails, because Jeremy, you got to be a little careful with Jeremy, because he's like, you're yeah, and you're basically just supporting what he wants to hear, what he's already hearing, and let's, I think we need to work with on this outside of Jeremy as a group, like I was telling Mark, I want to spend like an hour with Mark and probably the Stantec team as well, and really kind of get our arms around the whole thing holistically, and then go to Jeremy and tell him like what what his risks are and what he needs to be thinking about.

Speaker 5  2:49:56
It also sounds like to me what I'm hearing from this is we should set up a meeting with Germany relatively soon to go over these risks that we're seeing, so we can accomplish 4 million, but we are now passing out this risk during your operations in the

Ryan Hankins  2:50:20
install. Sounds great.

Speaker 4  2:50:22
Mark. If you have any notes on this one, though, the

Speaker 10  2:50:34
only thing I have is that in column B it says 1.5 E from Bottom Combat Clubs, but in column H the delta is six delta five.

Ryan Hankins  2:50:51
Yeah, we took it, we understood it as six to four and a half. If that's wrong, we were assuming it'd be five, got it? Okay, I mean it's not much, but we could, we could look at that. Yeah, can you tell Dave to have been on that?

Speaker 4  2:51:13
Mark, is this correct? Is this in column B? Is this correct? Yeah, okay, do

Unknown Speaker  2:51:29
I eliminate these 40 by 40 foot store. Did you guys have any steel associated with that opening? We would have, yes, but I guess if it's a knockout, we're gonna, we're not gonna..

Ryan Hankins  2:51:45
I plugged 150 grand for you, and so this would reduce that 150 grand as part of that single door. We still have 150 at the other door,

Unknown Speaker  2:51:58
but we still need the steel there. I mean,

Ryan Hankins  2:52:00
it's a knockout panel. If it's knockout, yes. Remove it entirely. Well, if we remove it entirely, and you don't have a knockout, you're not planning for it. And if you're going to cut it open later, then that'll be an engineered solution. Then, yes, we can

Speaker 5  2:52:20
actually before I move to the next bill production item, can we go back to logging off 40,000 square feet of admin and lab? I have a few questions about the structural protein, so I'm getting some pushback from I should share my screen. Basically, they're wanting to align the structural bracing with the existing walls to see if that's possible, so the orange bracing that's floating out in the middle of the target

Unknown Speaker  2:52:56
bag and C in Dallas, like shift

Ryan Hankins  2:53:13
us? I'll be honest, the one thing we're not talking about is like I still don't know how much steel has been added for that, yeah. Like, we haven't reconciled, reconciled that yet. So that changes,

Ryan Hankins  2:53:35
I hope it's not more than 6000 No, I know

Ryan Hankins  2:53:46
we have like a Cabernet, we have like a Cabernet, you need a Cabernet, that'll be later. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:53:59
we could get totally creative, yeah.

Speaker 3  2:54:20
Say a little bit, yeah, it seems

Unknown Speaker  2:54:27
like you're adding a little bit.

Speaker 10  2:54:29
These are the brace sizes when you go down, but you're adding two, like you're adding one here and one here, so you increase that number, and then the number that's kind of framing it here would be essentially ordinal thrust on thrust, so you're adding all that additional feel, so

Speaker 6  2:54:58
if you're this becomes smaller. Sorry,

Unknown Speaker  2:55:21
either the Bible we've heard might get a little bit bigger online, but even

Speaker 6  2:55:40
Us online, you can have the embraces. No, I was.

Unknown Speaker  2:56:02
Yeah, let me put

Speaker 6  2:56:09
that out there. We have the centers of this

Speaker 6  2:56:20
I Oh,

Speaker 4  2:56:33
I didn't have to hear anything to know that the conversation was exactly what I have.

Unknown Speaker  2:56:52
We have one share, so we could adjourn

Unknown Speaker  2:56:55
and see what's happening on time.

Speaker 7  2:56:57
Are you guys doing here? Do we need I Checkers,

Speaker 1  2:57:05
but it's there's sandwiches like everyone's getting quick lunch

Unknown Speaker  2:57:22
soft solving the most problems that feel like we're creating more.

Ryan Hankins  2:57:30
Wow, I think we need to figure that out. Creating solutions, seven opportunities I

Ryan Hankins  2:57:51
This has been this has been productive for what I was expecting. This is pretty productive, so yeah, like we're I think you guys are understanding, because, like, no, we're in

Unknown Speaker  2:58:03
this with you. I don't want you to feel like that's not because, like, Nick

Ryan Hankins  2:58:09
and I don't want that. Part of my thought was, like, oh, like, this week I'm gonna have to go give you guys a bunch of ultimatums, you're gonna have to go give to Keith, and that's not fun.

Speaker 5  2:58:19
Essentially, that's kind of where we're at.

Unknown Speaker  2:58:22
I need Ben to help make this decision with us, so I can't.

Ryan Hankins  2:58:36
I noticed you've heard my question.

Speaker 5  2:58:40
It may not have been intentional. Oh no, I was.. I was in your question, and nor was I withholding information. I know you're fine. I do actually think just talking to some business team and some other teams cost, just like just the two years I've been on this project cost has,

Speaker 5  2:59:21
so this is happening where we were. We had already spent the day series, so the hardware costs that was going to take us to that facility game was already spent. So, if what I'm experiencing, just on the construction side, is happening across manufacturing and building the components, so it's not a matter of I'm sure there's aspects of that, yes, but at a level that it needs to take what used to be and I'm just gonna throw numbers out there, but keep amending for PC posts. I don't know, right? I don't have my.. and no, they can't just pilot catalyst and be like, "Can you give us two to three times what we asked for?

Ryan Hankins  3:00:14
Got it? Okay, yeah, that's

Speaker 5  3:00:17
that's good feedback, and what's happening at it, why? and what's happening, so I understand what Keith is doing. It's like, hey, you had a crew, but we got a crew on this too.

Ryan Hankins  3:00:35
That makes total sense. I was just wondering, I'm trying to figure out, trying to figure out what all the different paths might be, and that's one where I'm like,

Speaker 5  3:00:44
that's, I would say, let's not bank on this exercise, let's not bank on the fact that somebody's going to get a call, and we're going to magically get $50 million to this project. I'd say that's something that we shouldn't account for. I think we need to reduce things as much as we can, while also safeguarding what Jeremy and Keith and Justin will not compromise on, and in my mind that puts us in a position to say you've got two options. Yeah, beautiful, and this is the best we can do. I love it, love it. Yeah, so

Ryan Hankins  3:01:24
yeah, definitely, definitely fill your maps.

Speaker 5  3:01:29
There's going to be Nick, and I can have a lot of these conversations, but

Speaker 5  3:01:38
Bill really sets kind of the bulk of that conversation with Keith, but I think at some point we'll continue to have these conversations with him. I think having a united front where team leadership is in that room with him as well. If you go this route, your delivery team is going to be in the door three months down the road. Yeah, makes sense.

Ryan Hankins  3:02:16
Where should we go tonight? I do it really

Speaker 1  3:02:21
important conversation starts happening, then we'll ping you.

Ryan Hankins  3:02:25
Let me know. Yeah, we're just gonna wait for Dominic. Go enjoy

Speaker 1  3:02:29
my whole day will go better if I spend just a little bit of time doing a bunch of people, so understood. No, yeah, I'll be much better to be around, but did you get, did you end up getting pickles?

Speaker 1  3:02:57
Those are good pickles too, you. Remove it,

Speaker 6  3:03:07
now we live under law, you

Unknown Speaker  3:03:43
That's almost two

Unknown Speaker  3:03:57
Phoenix. Yeah, you guys don't have a far life.

Speaker 1  3:04:04
No, no, it's like 45 minutes. I drove in yesterday. It's kind of a not great drive. It's not worst. Six hours.

Unknown Speaker  3:04:17
Yeah, well, fairly easy stuff's not even getting out of Texas. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  3:04:33
Never felt like I could never get out of a car, except driving through Texas. It's like so long. It was like, why am I still here? It's crazy. Where's Texas when

Ryan Hankins  3:04:41
you drive through Texas? Yeah, it's like when I was a kid driving through Alabama, it was like the worst drive ever, because when you're going through the north to south, just last Friday, Texas is the same way,

Unknown Speaker  3:04:53
yeah, Texas never airs, yeah, if you're trying to get like from

Speaker 3  3:05:00
Austin or Houston to Albuquerque. I want to say that's like a 1214 year old girl to Big Ben, which is so.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai