Speaker 1  00:00
People, what's their feedback? Kind of using some sort of look that would

Mike Pierle  00:03
be scoring an automation for the opposite sex leaders to have in advance. One thing

Speaker 2  00:12
that I found on the Galaxy job, because as an optic Zac, that's my one job in there every day, I see that team every day. I think In instances like that, we've got to cross pollinate the opposite sex, and it needs to be some other ops exec coming in

Mike Pierle  00:28
for the health kit. And there were some discussion about it, trying to have some

Unknown Speaker  00:36
I really like it. Well, well thought out. I like the, you know, having the meeting kind

Speaker 3  00:43
of that cost me that we're doing a monthly data it's been super beneficial, and I think it will enhance the schedule stuff they're looking for quality. One of the questions I have a lot of grants and teams. We used to integrate some of the enterprise into it, and I don't see that here, and I know we're wondering about our focus. But one, is it beneficial? Like we tried to itself. Ben, bring in Marty and Jason and be like, what questions problems do you have? Think it could be a good touch point. Pat talked about enterprise, financial stuff, maybe thinking about bringing that team in, and how we can continue to enhance on that and create that relationship.

Unknown Speaker  01:22
It's not eliminating that, yeah,

Speaker 3  01:25
but then what that, what that reporting might look like, and how so they're not just hearing everything, and how it would be super beneficial

Speaker 4  01:33
for the other, you know, subsidiaries, yeah? Because, I mean, they're CSI, CDC, they're right there, schedule, you know, quality roll,

Unknown Speaker  01:49
clarity, Like,

Speaker 1  02:00
just thinking back to like, some of the problem statements that grow those two topics. One was not in all cases, but in some cases, there was a disconnect between field ops and ops with money being spent by field ops without ops direction being taken that necessarily you speak to how that's being handled for one, so

Mike Pierle  02:25
I'll take it and think there's a couple couple layers in it. One is we made it like super clear. The object is boss. There has to be a boss. There cannot be a three headed monster, a four headed monster, five headed monster, whatever you want. It has to be cut. Whatever you want. So we'll be running to, I think, some challenges. In the past, we've got an ops manager, Shawn, for example, being in conflict with an ops exact and direction being sent out to the field, not coordinated with the ops operations project management team, we've not consolidated. We the expectation is, is, in this case, I'll just say, you know, Shawn and Joel, they're part of their team. The end of the day, Joel's got the call if it needs to be, but he's going to utilize the interest of the team and make certain that we are creating alignment. The other piece is on these the schedule. It is intended to be an interactive session. It's not cost. Just solely about project management. Superintendent needs to be he or she needs to understand those expectations. If there's quality matters, quality person needs to be driven. Schedule is probably the biggest area, and I'm just going to say it out loud. It is pathetic. It's poor all around it's poor from the front end. It's poor in the delivery. It's poor in our ability to measure and it creates an incredible turbulence. So that is the one area that is going to get the most focus to help make certain there is that cross functional interaction and engagement and accountability. That's going to be what's pretty driven. We had a meeting this morning, Monday about the schedule result for the month of March. And I would tell you there was a plural worst I've ever seen. And somebody said, I'm kind of cranky. I am kind of cranky because this is something we pride ourselves. But if you see the results that I have in my hand, you wouldn't have to be taken so much pride. And so we have to change our behavior. We have to change it from the front end through the delivery, and we have to have a local accountability that must change. It will change, and it's already starting to with some of the actions we put in place this world tour will help pull together the team so that we are focusing on the project, job as a boss together, not as individual functions.

Speaker 1  05:01
All right, so then the other question kind of feeds into that. So what drove the world tour through topic was just feedback from folks that over time, the world tour had become kind of watered down in the sense of giving, like, you know, meaningful schedule feedback, sure things on site, for example. And so what was presented today, which I think is great, by the way, I was asked one having a team present, but it is a format that isn't in the weeds and detail with the team there really uncover what's going on. So in a case where you got Adam on a job, fantastic, but don't have Adam on every job, sure. Phil, so like, how do we reconcile that? Just operationally, I know we have the monthly reviews being remote or relying on a lot of information, data, bad schedules. So, you know, just talk through, like,

Mike Pierle  05:59
how we control that? So I think it's something we're going to have. We're going to have to work candid. I mean, I think we have some things that are very mature, that are doing it very well, where they actually have the team members, kind of co located with perhaps one or two participants beyond the walls. And I think that's going to be the emphasis. How do we start changing the veracity of understanding the details that's going to get into these action items that that were mentioned. We need to really have the strategic comparisons on a per filler basis, what needs to change, what needs to be addressed in the next 30 days, and so that is going to be part of the case. And so I think it's just that integration. We have to change what we're doing, has to be one team mindset. But we're seeing more and more of that. See that more and more often, hear the conversations together, rather than, yeah,

Speaker 1  07:01
there's no replacement for eyes on the site, not just seeing the job, but seeing the people hearing what's going on and things like that. Adams idea cross pollinating

Speaker 5  07:18
projects, the other piece we didn't have it meta tours, who tried to have a hybrid version of that, KPIs and the dashboards, another major part that will help drive some of that detail. So from the monthly review meetings, the areas that are showing up, the other one red, those be the focus of the World Tour, depending on what scope is going on at that point areas a little

Speaker 2  07:48
bit further. I would say, we gotta be very careful. If we take it to quarterly, it can't be rushed.

Mike Pierle  07:52
Well, like, so, yeah, let's just talk about the timing is going to be determined by the project you want to be like, abundantly clear about that it is quarterly, is like the least, but it's got to be at the cadence of the project. The project team needs

Speaker 2  08:09
to make that because guys that is the world tours are a huge part of our culture. It's one of the selling points I use every time I am interviewing with somebody to get an organization. I think it's something that sets us apart. There's not other. Apart. There's not other people and other companies that are

Speaker 6  08:27
investing like that in their jobs. Like one more question. The last thing we can talk about is celebrate what they're Yes. Highlight that celebrate what we do.

Mike Pierle  08:41
That's one of the agenda items, is the top five ways in the previous period. One thing we don't do enough, all Right.

Speaker 7  09:02
Conor, you I'm

Speaker 8  09:19
feeling surprised very much.

Speaker 9  09:22
So world class reconstruction, we do have a machine of people that have participated on this initiative.

Unknown Speaker  09:42
Prove it pre we

Conor Tighe  09:46
have a pretty sizable leadership group. We have SMEs, as we'll discuss, pre construction does touch a lot of different departments in our organization, VDC with rom Carlos with scheduling, Chad with quality, Kelsey with CRM and up front, and then all the individual team members. So what is preconstruction? I think there's a little bit of a misconception within the industry that preconstruction is just estimating or it's just like landing the deal, but in our more sort of diverse, complicated projects, pre construction is all that pre planning, all of that setup, construction commence. Some of you may have seen this in the past, right? These are the individual components of the preconstruction space that we're obligated to deliver to our clients successfully, so that we launch out of construction, sort of refine this more at a higher level, it's the development and refinement of the commercial deal, right? This is our sort of best chance to deliver a high margin, high enterprise deal to where we can go into construction. We can generate earnings. We can generate profitable projects. It's not just when you're negotiating the contract, you're responding to the RFP, some of our best leverage points are when we get to GMP, right? That's where you can, you know, enhance your deal. You can build it and continue to to have Enterprise within the deal back. I mean, that's essentially what we're doing on Lamar, right? We set up the deal through the contract, through the RFP response, while we're building the Enterprise Services progressively through preconstruction. Rivian is another example. You know that we put a lot of our enterprise services in the front end of the deal, but it's really through the preconstruction process of how we say we're going to deliver through CDC, through CSI, price, schedule verification to achieve financial flows. Most of our clients have some type of financial metric that they need to meet within the pro forma. So really, what the preconstruction process is doing is client, this is what we're going to be able to deliver to visa V scope, schedule, budget. They may have to go to a lender, secure that through a financial close. They may need to go through their own internal

Unknown Speaker  12:21
committees, but at the end of the

Conor Tighe  12:23
day, what we're delivering in preconstruction is that price confirmation of scope and owner and use, right so there's a lot of effort, whether it's in design build or in CMAR, to where we're confirming what the Client is ultimately using that facility for, and making sure that there's alignment between that scope and the actual end users. If you've ever done healthcare, I mean, there's like 100 end users, you know, on mission critical is the SMEs that are in the background, right at the Googles, at the Microsoft, making sure that there's that alignment leads to a successful design management process, which then actually leads to a successful project with limited changes. There's not a new project, limited changes, confirming to efficiently launch the project into the construction flight phase. This really goes hand in hand with the last bullet, which is the best opportunity to increase value in mitigating project risk, improve outcomes and develop innovations. You know, when we're setting up a job, that's our best opportunity to say this scope of the structural steel is over designed. We have too much tonnage per square foot because we know that this building, this building tight, we should have a reduction in That's our best opportunity to provide value to the project. It's also the best opportunity to say, hey, we have labor issues. We know that in this market, we're going to have problems in finding electricians, plumbers, all the things that I think we're now very accustomed to inside. You handle that in the preconstruction period. You do not do it during the construction period, because if you're handling during construction, you're actually going to have the job is going to be summer. All right, so where are we currently? This is sort of the problem statement for current construction, preconstruction services within Clayco, we've had a lot of successes, so I don't want this to be completely a downer, but we have seen challenges, right? So we've had challenges with cost, data and accuracy and timing, being able to deliver like cost indications and to turn estimates quickly with accuracy, we've had some inconsistent and inefficient procurement practices. So this is where we've had GMP is delivered either utilizing pricing that is six months old, or not being able to procure the job efficiently within the GMP. And what that means is, if we're issuing a GMP or a lump sum price to a client, and we're procuring it six months later, nine months later, we are creating a huge gap, right, and a huge cost exposure for GMP practice and incomplete GMP documentation. We've had projects that have delivered a GMP with a GMP schedule with only five activities, how you can how that can happen, if this happened. Unfortunately, we've had GMP said. I've had the actual estimate. The GMP estimate was not in alignment with the scope documents that were actually included in the GMP. So we actually were providing a number for a different scope. And unfortunately, the scope of that was in the amendment was more costly than the GMP number. We've also had some missed opportunity opportunities in leveraging internal design capabilities. This is where, like in LJC, you know, they could have come in. They could have assisted us to find better opportunities within design, Enterprise Services and pre construction and sales efforts. And Jason, I've been working a lot recently that makes sure that we have alignments with the services right, that the services have the resources to deliver the projects right, and where we're banking on those services to be within projects, we're actually delivering it as a deal within the project that we're not all of a sudden saying we're going To utilize CSI is longer, no longer within the bid they're not going to deliver, and then it takes a drag on our earnings expectation. So what's the causes market change? So an increase to pre construction service level and complexity? So the old Clayco boxes, the preconstruction period was really short, right? It was a lot of pre bid expense. Now we're seeing these mega projects to where the preconstruction processes are nine months. Jon, you said yesterday, 30 staff members in the preconstruction course, whether that's a preconstruction person within perks group or if it's Sam, those are preconstruction people working on pre construction.

Conor Tighe  17:24
So we're seeing a lot more elongated owner speed of market and estimate compression. The owners are more demanding. Staff availability. It's a challenge on the ops side, but it's also been a challenge on the preconstruction side, procurement accountability gap. So, Sam, you mentioned, you know, the accountability of the actual buy. There's been times where there has been missed hand offs between sort of the preconstruction group and the operations group of who is buying the what and how the development connected has been created consistent process in the training gap. This is just we have a lot of people coming into Clayco, and there's inconsistent uptake of our overall preconstruction processes.

Speaker 10  18:14
So we asked ourselves, what is world class precon? And I think it's kind of touched on their leveraging our design, building enterprise services. We discussed yesterday how valuable this is to all of us, our bonus checks as well as value we're given to the owners. That's something we need to focus on, world class, True Crime service, finding the right deal with the right owner. We're an incredible place in time right now that we can cherry pick these jobs, right? We can find the good ones out there say no to the bad ones. That's what we're doing, working out for project planning and development, for the right safety, logistics, permitting and scheduling approach. We're getting paid to provide these pre construction services, and we're getting time to do this. I've spent quite a bit of time and drew pigeon six months into a 12 month precon proposal here figuring out site logistics and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It's amazing. You love every minute timely, accurate estimating services with real time tracking. I think these owners are expecting immediate feedback. They want to change the route. What's it cost? They don't want to wait two weeks. So design management and constructability, economizing projects. So this is kind of real time value engineering. Utilize our design services and the smart people in here, and then, as Conor mentioned, the 90 day buyout.

Conor Tighe  19:42
Yeah, I think the 90 days a minimum, by the way, I think you can look at successful projects and track their buyout and how efficiently they've got their buyout and vaccine, the amounts of buyout scope gaps that they have, right? You track both of those, and I think you can see a lot of success. Yeah,

Speaker 10  20:02
building the right team in here has seen everybody it was, I don't know, two or three years ago we got to an executive review, and the halfway through this meeting were like, why that? We spent the time going through this whole process. We shouldn't be doing this job, and we implemented this go and go process. Now, when we put the sheet together, we'll put together a pretty accurate, long staffing projection, what we think our integrated services can dedicate to the job and pass it around, right? We have a distribution list we send this to that does include leadership from the Enterprise Services, and we'll make our go, no go decision on that. We've turned down a lot of work lately, but hey, we're gonna make a place to do that. We are planning right now, a market competition tracker using AI, with some feedback from the hires, from information we can get online. And then we're increasing training right now to make precon smarter, to understand the risk and rewards what we do going through minor I think a lot of us learn a lot about the risks associated with pre qualification and overextending subcontractors and then executive review expectations. Many of you have seen our agenda for for executive reviews, and what that expectation is, we need to utilize that our time to set these bills up for success.

Speaker 11  21:39
Just pause on there real quick. Go back just it's a good call to have the discussion early, like great discussion yesterday, services, Sei, CSI, etc, make sure that one they're seeing this project the same way that the construction team in terms of attractiveness, capacity, desire to do the project. As we all know, we make a lot of decisions about which projects we're pursuing and which projects we're saying no to. We have seen examples where we pursued a project because we thought that we're going to go in from security assigned projects and when we get down to it, that doesn't materialize. And so now we're at we're living in a world where we thought we had this enterprise value that we're delivering to the company now it's much reduced. And you know, we pick ourselves and say, well, we should have said yes to this other project and not this one. So again, great hall on, including the leads for that. Go, no go. That's really make sure that we're not just sending the sheets off, but we're having the conversations with the teams and the leads to make sure we're seeing eye to eye on it. Then also, when we get down to execution phase, you got to make sure we're following through and providing that capacity and targeting that project. It's almost a collective decision for the enterprise if we're going to pursue something, and it's based on each one of these ingredients

Conor Tighe  23:20
here, I think that there's also an opportunity for increased integration with the enterprise services on the pursuit this is, you know that you're that you're going to have the resourcing of CSI, of CSI like Jim Rick has like that is full engagement, and It shows to the client, that expectation is that the services so it's not just on a piece of paper. So

Conor Tighe  23:55
I'm going to try to pick up the pace. Some of this is planning process improvements and Robin's group has been integral to a lot of these process improvements. It's really revising the pre constructing meeting cadence and reducing some of them. We looked at the meetings, and there's a lot of them within the preconstruction process, so we're going to try to consolidate those and really emphasize a stronger preconstruction, right? Have that kick off to be more meaningful to more everyone, sort of in the room, because quality does start at preconstruction. Scheduling starts in preconstruction, and to make sure that there's full alignment between the various services within GMP. Health Check and sign off. We have seen that there's a gap right? When we're going through preconstruction, we don't have a quality review of our actual GMP amendments, and so we're going to provide some guidance. This is not going to be an audit, right? I think when we go into the world of audit. That's dangerous behavior because it's advanced our culture, but we do need to have a review and to assist the teams where we have the acts within the GMP proposal, project execution, plan and project manual integration. So if you're familiar with this, the project manual within the subcontract form and the pxp have a lot of redundancies between them, so this is to remove that redundancy and have one document that one document then ultimately goes into building connected in the ITVS and is bid by the bidding market. It has the quality plan. It has the scheduling processes as VDC, instead of doing things twice, right, we're doing them once, all AI RFP assessment and AI workforce planning. So the AI RFP assistant is basically pulling apart the RFP and providing us the deliverable systems that you need to know from the RFP itself. The workforce planning is actually we, you know, we went through Bridget, there's a gap preconstruction is not in Bridget, right? So the preconstruction group itself is not, does not have its own staff resourcing plan. And so we're going to move towards actually developing a program that will help us with preconstruction staff planning, how we zipper to get operations. It will feed into Bridget, and ultimately will help us develop the preconstruction proposal and be more jar. You know, Jon did? Jon Meester did a great job on Zac putting together a zipper, you know, pre construction group, Operations Group, org chart to where it actually shows one team during the preconstruction phase. Most of our projects are now demand, demanding that type of organization it can no longer be, you know, Brian from precon group, working independently. And then you have Stan from operation. We need to be this is another initiative that is currently in the works, we are doing a hybrid procurement system. So this is not centralized procurement. If you come from other companies where you have centralized procurement, that is not what this is. This is SMEs that plug in to the Operations Group operations still ultimately is accountable for the subcontractor by but these are, this is a department that assists operations in procurement of the project. What we were seeing within our processes, we ultimately actually had two flow maps. We had one where

Conor Tighe  27:56
pre construction group was building out, building connected, and then going through bidding processes, and then you had operations going through building connected and doing it separately. After GMP process, we need one procurement process. And so what we're doing is we're going to have this hybrid procurement department, sort of from beginning to end work with preconstruction and operations, so that we have one system right, and that's to remove hand offs. We don't want hand offs. We want some way to plug in, right? Ultimately, they fall under the project director. They report to the project director, they help with the buys, and then they leave the project the project director is still ultimately responsible for the scopes. They're still ultimately responsible for the buy but now they have somebody that is there that can help them with process. You know, having consistent invitation to bids, having consistent bid leveling sheets, and that they like are not going through the learning curve improvements of the ITB and scope of work definitions. We did a little bit of a canvas of the various ITBS that were out there, and they're all different. And so we're now Erica stork in Phoenix. She's now working on standardizing the ITBS a little bit. We're looking at the standards that are currently in access, buried in access, and we're coming up with at least better standards that will be automated within building connected bid leveling standardization in AI platform. So what we also found is, you know, when I would ask for bid leveling sheets, I would get five different versions bid leveling sheets. They would there was a lot of inconsistency. What we're looking into is actually trying to merge those bid leveling sheets into Scope of Work definitions once, once again, doing it once right to where as we're putting together the bid leveling, we're actually writing the scope of work, and that we're just doing leveling, Scope of Work definitions one time we're it's on our AI workflow. It's going to be one of the later ones. We would like to have bid leveling analyzed by AI to compare whether the scopes are fully bought between each individual subcontractor. So that is on the workflow.

Speaker 12  30:33
As far as estimating goes, like Conor was mentioning on the it forms, being able to have a bit level and form tied to the scope of work. So is one approach for both metrics, and especially if we're able to analyze individual scopes of work, if we have 20 line items for that specific scope of work, but the trade partners are just only filling out 10 items out of the 20 being able to understand that market feedback so they can adjust the scope of work and the big one to be able to gather the necessary data. So in other words, for example, we have an 18 inch pipe. Getting to know that the Marty is telling us is right now is 800 doors of foot from a southeast subcontractor compared to 1000 area. We start to guide all those metrics, which, at the end of the day, is going to help us out with the bid leveling process, but not only in dollars. If we start to talk about man hours, it also helps to understand the execution approach from those trade partners, because we might have a good number in terms of dollars. But just to give you an example, one of the projects that we're looking at structural steel installation. One company had Five out five hours per ton. Rest of the company have 12 to 15. And we know from historical data the right number was between 14 and 15. So even if, from $1 amount looks good when you start to look into execution and what it takes to get the job done, and then you're able to have a more constructive discussion with the trade partners and understand the execution.

Conor Tighe  32:35
Let's skip tech stack, because we talked about it. So why don't you talk about leveraging enterprise estimating services, yeah.

Speaker 12  32:43
So another good example project. So leads with Ryan Hankins, we started helping on the hip reconstruction network Sei and CSI perspective right from the beginning. So we use our internal CSI and Sei pre construction services and supported the project, and I think that helps not only to deliver the precon services, but also the value propositionable subsidiaries with our clients. So it helps for the long term of the execution, and I think that's something that we still need to work together to find those synergies and make sure early on whether we can plug the services on the Enterprise Services,

Conor Tighe  33:25
and then increase recruiting, we have been starting to hire additional pre construction staff members. This includes procurement, PDX estimators. We did an analysis. We were we were around 25 people. Though we were we're really only hiring about 1510, to 15. If you know electrical estimators, please give me Brian myself. Kurt a call. That's a desperate need. Do you want to talk?

Speaker 12  33:58
Yeah, so AI. So first page concrete really easier to start because of the bottom, because you don't have much of class detection or routing that you have

Unknown Speaker  34:14
with an excellent pipeline.

Conor Tighe  34:20
So we're starting out at volumes, right. Then the next stage is to look at rebar tonnage, right? Because when the AI takeoff, you first have to be able to identify the geometry on a floor plan, right? And then you have to be able to teach it how to read a wall section. And then you have the next The third step is teaching it how to read that the detail, the standard details on that wall section. Then it's notes within the drawings, and then it's correlating specifications to drawing. And so we're starting with concrete, because a it's an integrated service, right? So we get value between CSI and Clayco. But it's also easier. From a architectural perspective, we've roadmaps. What we'll need to do for electrical, because it gets more company mechanical, it gets more complicated because now you have to deal with routing. And there's been a, there's there's already been some plans sort of drawn out of what the steps are to actually achieve a full take off system, or at the first step, at a very high level, eventually, we want to get to where the 3d model is built, to where we're estimating off of the 3d model that's pushing VDC. We all have a premium knowledge.

Speaker 1  35:46
Are you teaching on the concrete takeoff? Are you teaching AI to do this?

Conor Tighe  35:51
Or is this a custom chat? It would be.

Unknown Speaker  35:55
It's actually what the plan is to

Conor Tighe  35:57
develop a software, because if we have AI, just go into attach Ed and think, of drawings and Zac at specifications, we're going to kill the amount of compute power, and we're going to get killed on tokens. So we actually need to

Unknown Speaker  36:19
develop a software so they are that,

Unknown Speaker  36:20
are you guys restart, or your actions are actually starting, so we're in first age.

Conor Tighe  36:29
The AI component of it, right? It's not utilizing ChatGPT. So one of the

Speaker 13  36:36
things to also look at is our designers, whether it's we're doing it in house and using consultants for structurals to establish the Ben VC Sanders, I'm sure you ran into it to be able to pull tape off. I mean, one example, Tucker Jones on hand. Cook, from the very second they started modeling to the very end of the job, they could easily run a report and tell me everything, tons of steel, cubic yards of concrete. I think it even did rebar, ton it is. And it was the click of the button for them. But it's because they set their model up that way. We tried to do it on the MEP side, and I see Thomason looked at me like I had an arm drawn on my forehead. But, but it's all about the very, very beginning to go back and do it after the fact is tough. So I don't know how. I don't know the data centers. I mean, they model pretty

Conor Tighe  37:35
detailed. You Josh you exactly at the nail.

Conor Tighe  37:44
Elsewhere. The problem is moving the model to the left of the GMP process, where you have enough time to go to market, develop pricing, deliver a GMP. That's why the AI solution speeds it up.

Unknown Speaker  38:00
Well, Tucker Jones knows how to do it, so it's possible missing six one inch conduit,

Speaker 14  38:07
low standard, you're not going to do one inch conduit, but you miss 21 inch Conor, that's an issue, compared to missing just one. AI is not going to know. Especially, a lot of our jobs are RFP based. We're winning on qualification. A trained estimator is going to know, like only these are 30% drawings I need to fill in the gap. AI is taking garbage and garbage out. It doesn't have the 1520, years of experience knowing that this

Mike Pierle  38:48
surrogate exercise wire projects that we have completed, we could use a model one project is already off the lead by the time we're getting

Speaker 14  39:00
ready. Project is already offered time we're getting ready to go, no question. But if it

Mike Pierle  39:05
gets us at least a baseline, then we can do an adapt and try to understand what the differences are between the two.

Conor Tighe  39:11
So the solution can't be that AI just spits out a bunch of units. It has to have a graphic user interface, right? That shows what you're ultimately taking off, how the value is fundamentally working. So fundamentally working, what the work plan is, right. Otherwise it doesn't work right, because there needs to be a human looking at the solution

Unknown Speaker  39:34
that the AI software has developed. Lots of

Mike Pierle  39:36
opportunity to help us figure that out. We've got one minute, any anything else, I know we did some Q

Speaker 15  39:43
and A throughout on the go, no go. There's been talks. I don't know it's gone any further than we'll talk on. So there's a precon function inside of Pro core, and then adding an element that, right now we're looking at whatever the precon cost is going to be on the go, no go, but it's just a bucket. And be able to split that out, or, you know, resources or whatever, so that we can track that inside of Pro core, and having the project executives fill out, like, I need three project managers and estimator, you know, so we don't just get a bucket of money in there, you know, having that plan up front.

Conor Tighe  40:25
So, so I think we need something more robust. That's why, moving towards a system, and it may back be budgetary numbers, which there's not really A great, perfect mechanism to tracking a the

Unknown Speaker  40:46
mechanisms attracting

Speaker 16  41:11
I'll have to make a quick phone call. I told him. I said it. I didn't say 330 later, but

Unknown Speaker  42:01
awesome. They found me.

Unknown Speaker  42:20
Ron talked overtime.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai