Speaker 1  00:00
And you guys may have some reporting back to do on settlement or flatness related issues, so we can get to that. I love Albuquerque. I love hanging out with you guys. I don't like to keep anyone here longer than we need to be, and if there's a realistic opportunity for people to get back to their regular mods, we have that opportunity. I just want to take advantage of that with the pace that we've gone so in service of that, I wanted to ask the question first. Mark and Ryan, are you guys at a point where you're there's stuff to report out on your settlement, structural approaches? Yeah, settlement, settling, settlement.

Speaker 2  00:57
I get on the settlement. I think that we need to put together some images to make sure we actually have our time on the same thing, and so I know Craig had sent through some information. We've taken that information and put it into our analysis. what that shows, and being a little bit cautious, because I want to make sure that they're actually coming up with the same things,

Speaker 3  01:34
and then maybe that would be a good way to kind of push the conversation over. Okay, maybe there's some time tomorrow. Yeah, do

Speaker 2  01:46
you think there's a part of that conversation that's still a little bit bigger, a little bit needs a little bit more discussion, needs more discussion with the city of Asian nature management centers.

Speaker 3  01:56
So that might not happen this week, but I think we can keep that was just okay,

Speaker 1  02:06
we could take the balance of our time today and move to scenario two. Courtney, you can then tell me that would be useful if you think that'd be a useful effort with this group,

Unknown Speaker  02:25
that'd be more like a scheduling for

Speaker 4  02:34
I was thinking about this a little bit, I was just kind of took a breather, and I think I think there's opportunity, and then we do it with the remainder of time or we push this to tomorrow morning, but I think there's an opportunity to collectively take a high level, Mark and Ryan and Erica about reduction in tonnage, but I'm assuming Mark would want to give you some time to yourself, I think, for that first floor, when you passed it around the table, and what I would do with the remainder of today is actually pull together that presentation that I will be sharing with leadership, and then you clearly identify scope, schedule, and budget for the two scenarios. The help that I will need in refining is the schedule piece, and I think we can do that actively tomorrow morning, once I get all the big pieces in place. Otherwise, I think we're just going to hold it over it. But if I can get the right market place, I think that will build a much more effective conversation. Mark and roll over the 300 spend piece and settlement piece tonight. We come back tomorrow morning and tackle those two items. I don't know that we mean work set shop four, but hoping I can get Deborah scheduled. She only has

Speaker 5  03:53
time tomorrow morning, 11 to one, Courtney to 11 to say

Speaker 4  03:58
that I don't get any schedules. So, yeah, so maybe have Wednesday afternoon that we can just release folks and take that, maybe I'm going to stay here through Thursday, but if folks want to take

Speaker 1  04:13
that, yeah, as it turns out, Astrid and Susie have to do it remote on Thursday morning, so yeah, and I think we, their items are pretty discreet enough that we can

Unknown Speaker  04:31
handle the loss, yeah, their items I think are pretty self-explanatory.

Unknown Speaker  04:43
It's great. Well, it sounds like Pete to chat with Deborah to be 11 or 12.

Speaker 5  04:54
Yeah, I think that later in that time period is good, and I'm wondering if I might maybe me and Dot might go and do some work to get the initial presentation pulled together and then touch basically before the end of the day, so that we have something that we can send out just in the next couple of hours that would help us if we're not needed in the scenario development, which it sounds like we might not be the most critical people in that compound.

Speaker 4  05:20
That sounds great. I think a few of us need to do some independent work.

Speaker 5  05:33
Yeah, we've got several desks that people are welcome to sit in. I can show you where those desks are, and then we have these two little phone booths that are available, and then there's a couple of like little huddle rooms that people, I'm sure I can walk people around if people want spaces.

Unknown Speaker  05:53
Getting comfortable enough in here, it's finally nice,

Speaker 5  06:02
no. It, okay, so it sounded like we're going to do a little bit of work to move these conversations forward tomorrow.

Speaker 1  06:17
I really want to thank everyone for coming out. Those who came out to Albuquerque, I really appreciate it. Everyone in my time, this was super useful. Thanks for hanging out, Mike and Josh.

Speaker 3  06:31
Yeah, yeah, this was a really good work that was

Speaker 6  06:41
Yeah, thank you, guys. It's not easy to pivot. All right,

Unknown Speaker  07:13
that's right.

Unknown Speaker  07:20
I always have multiple

Unknown Speaker  07:29
with between us and Lisa Delta. You're focused till Thursday.

Speaker 7  07:40
to get up at nine, I think she scheduled something Thursday

Unknown Speaker  07:51
tomorrow morning works perfect. I did

Speaker 7  08:01
work out just a yeah, I've not looked at my perfect,

Speaker 8  08:22
yeah do like, I don't mind the heat, like I think sometimes, like this is a hot topic, but California is as much too cold. First of all, California It we are.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai