Speaker 1  00:00
Can I think we this everybody on the call start over? Yeah, I think it's pretty much everybody. We tried to keep it to, you know, more leadership level. But on Friday, we met with our leadership to discuss overall construction budget. We are craving quite a bit over where our leadership wants us to be so they've asked us, given us a very, very tough challenge to try to remove, you know, up to $100 million worth of budget. Obviously, that's going to come at the cost of scope and probably program requirements as well, to actually make that achievable. There may be some you know, potential phasing approaches. I think you know, throughout this conversation today, we're open to almost any suggestion that there can be, because this is a tall order, and just you know, so feel free to throw ideas out there as we kind of walk through but generally speaking, we're trying to find basically as much money as we can to get our budget back down to where we have sufficient funding to proceed. So it feels like this is kind of coming down to almost a go, no go decision for us. So we we have to find a way to make this work, and if that means doing you know part of it now and phasing it for later on down the road that may happen. We've already talked about eliminating several spaces within the R and D area, things that we don't need today, but just enough to get us through this first phase. Because just, and just kind of a general, know, you know, for the overall project, right? This is a demonstration facility, right? So this is not our our facility that will will be there forever, right? So it does have a purpose, but it's really just to get us through, through that next milestone where we can actually get to commercial services. So this is a stepping stone. But, yeah, go ahead.

Speaker 2  01:58
Yeah, sorry, quick correction. There, there is, this is a demonstration facility. However, there is long term plans for the demonstration facility to support government organizations and additional testing opportunities. So the reality is, is, we're, we're one of the few companies that's building a testing facility that can test at this scale, right? 60 mega amp inertial confinement poster is not something that you find around just anywhere. So this facility will have a life after we achieve that facility game to just, just keep in that in mind,

Speaker 1  02:37
but yeah, just kind of set the stage there. Thank you, Courtney. But if you want to go ahead and, kind of, if you have any other feedback, Courtney, that you want to lead into or we can kind of just jump right in today. I know there's lots of schedule and lots of other implications that are going to come out of this, but I think right now we're just going to try to focus on reducing scope and cost.

Speaker 2  02:58
Yeah, and we're, you know, we're on a roller coaster ride here. Thank you guys for,

Unknown Speaker  03:05
you know, purchasing the ticket and hanging out with us while we do this.

Speaker 2  03:11
You know, I won't go over everything that Nick said kind of broke the bad news to you guys. See it as an opportunity. We really need to lean out this project. It is going to change Pacific Futures Program. We fully anticipate this is something that Nick and I have to work on, but we fully anticipate this will have design and construction impacts Absolutely. So it's not something that I want you guys to worry about today. I'm not sure if Rebecca is on the call to Ryan's point, to Nick's point. I Oh, perfect. Rebecca, yeah, we wanted to have design leaders just basically, just you design leadership on the call. The reason why we have not invited the rest of the design team is because we're not making any formal decisions, and we will not make formal decisions, probably for several days. So we want to keep the design team moving along with the direction that they've already been given. That change in direction is going to come at an impact, Rebecca, and we're fully aware of that right now. This is just a brain. So reiterating, Rebecca, I just appreciate it. Let's keep the design team not distracted for now, because a lot of a lot of this is really a wild card, and we won't know until we're given direction from from our leadership. So what I'd like to do today is just go over the list of items that we brainstormed internally as the owners to see how we could come up with this this reduction. Feel free to throw ideas out there at us as well before we get into it, though. Rebecca Clayco, folks, now that you understand some of the pivots we're going through. I welcome you guys to kind of share your feedback, questions, concerns and thoughts, just for a couple minutes before we dive into it, because I'm sure you guys are are have something, has something you probably want to say, Sir, Rebecca, I'll hand it off to you, questions, concerns, thoughts on what we're doing here,

Speaker 3  05:23
so And just so you know, the tissue bill are also here on the on the call, the core leadership team for us. And so I might defer to Bill and the tissue to see if there's any. I mean, I have a lot of thoughts, but it sounds like there's not clear direction yet, so we'll just wait till that's in place. My, my initial thought is about the permitting strategy, and it sounds like you want to continue with something, but I, I feel a little concerned about proceeding with submitting for a permit if it's going to draft it, if that's going to not be what we end up constructing. So that's just, you know, initial the permitting

Ryan Hankins  06:08
strategy, I guess, from and I know it's not my time, so someone can tell me to shut up.

Speaker 2  06:14
Really, really quick. Yeah, really quick, Ryan, that's really great feedback. You know, just listening to just listening to your feedback and your concerns, that's something that we the Civic fusion needs to decide so pF, to determine if it basically if we put pencils down, right so if we stop the late permit. So we need to give that direction. I think we probably need to give that direction by the end of the week.

Speaker 4  06:48
Yeah, add a small point to that. According you guys have done fantastic with, you know, messaging this project here in Albuquerque, where we what we don't what we want to do as a team, make sure that we're not putting information in front of the city and then changing it and losing that so we are planning to submit the the first permit set today, assigned permit set, I don't know, and we'll follow your lead, Courtney, so help us out in determining What is we've got the set ready, you know, it so, but just the messaging of it, we want to make sure that you come out, you know, politically intact after the whole thing.

Speaker 2  07:31
Great feedback. This is exactly what we're looking for. So Nitish, Rebecca bill, for now, for now, we will not submit the foundation permit today, because I do think we're going to be reducing the square footage of the building significant enough where there's going to be changes there. However, I think there's also the one design input item that we will need outside of this team, the three eighths inch settlement criteria, I think is incredibly tight, and I think there's an engineering study we can do to convince Pacific fusion to relax on those requirements, but that's going to be a team effort, so that will have a significant impact to the design. So thank you, natish and Rebecca for now and Nick jump in if you think that I'm saying something that is not right for the company or the or the business, but something we'll get ahead of with Jeremy and Keith today is just letting them know that we're going to hold off minimum a day to submit this permit package.

Speaker 1  08:41
No, I think that's correct, Cory, because I think we are going to impact our foundation system, and I need to submit and then have to change anything, so we probably need to pause and make sure leadership understands the schedule implications of this.

Speaker 2  08:56
Yeah, yep, okay, and we Pacific fusion owes you additional action after today, right? So we'll follow up by the end of today.

Speaker 5  09:11
Great, thanks. Can people hear me now? Okay, great, sorry, I was having my conditions. Yeah, natish basically covered what I

Speaker 2  09:23
this is really good feedback. Bill Nitish and Rebecca, what else are you guys concerned about?

Speaker 5  09:29
Well, I I guess one, one question, Would it be fair to say that the project, the way you guys are considering this cost reduction is to ask, how much can we build for 100 to $140 million is that a way to think about the project?

Speaker 2  09:52
Now, I think that's a fair assessment bill. I think it's a two way conversation. Because, yes, I think that's a fair assessment. So we that is an assessment we can Nick. Maybe we we probably need or Nick and James, we should probably go back and give the team a very clear understanding of what the hard cut cost number is that we need to shoot for, outside of the additional cost Nick and I are caring for this budget, so we can give you guys that number, and yes, Bill, that is something that we need to stick to. The reality is Pacific fusion is going to be driving a lot of that conversation. But with with all of your guys's input,

Speaker 5  10:36
okay, I'm just that's a helpful way to frame the exercise. Obviously, we'll all work as a team to start prioritizing what the required elements are for needs. But having Brian's team on board and having to do, you know, getting the opportunity to do quick costing exercises, I think, is really important for this. Thanks in advance. Ryan Erica, you guys,

Speaker 2  11:11
that's a really good point. Yeah, so James and Nick, if you guys wouldn't mind working the background, let's see if we can dig up that number today, maybe even on this call, just provide that I put it in the slack you guys look at the number, and then

Unknown Speaker  11:27
you can decide what to publish.

Speaker 1  11:29
Okay, yeah, give me just a minute, and I'm gonna do some math in the background too.

Speaker 2  11:34
Thank you. Nick, okay. Mitchell, Rebecca, Bill, any other additional questions, thoughts, concerns, before we let Clayco talk about theirs.

Speaker 5  11:50
The only, I guess, my only thought, My further thought, Coryn, is really a corollary to that question that I asked was setting up the most efficient way to get to an understanding with you guys of the required program for this first phase. And we don't have, we're not going to get into the weeds on this call, but having a roadmap to the work plan to get there is going to be, I see, I see that as the next

Unknown Speaker  12:24
piece of design work. I would appreciate your thoughts and response,

Speaker 2  12:31
yeah, that makes sense. If I'm just going to reiterate it to make sure I understand your, your intent, if we plan on deferring scope. So there's, you know, there's some work. This is a cash flow issue for us, right? We just simply don't have the funding to be able to cover this latest rebase lining cost overrun. So there may be opportunity to defer scope. So I think Bill to your point, what does that mean, if we're eliminating scope? Is it going to pop back up, and how do we plan for that in the associated phases? Is that what you're referring to? It's part

Speaker 5  13:10
of what I'm getting. Are we going to white box the entire workspace area, or just have the very minimum for you guys to staff, what you need on day one. And I mean, that's not going to save you the kind of money you're looking to save, but, you know, asking those kinds of questions and coming to consensus on what you need built for phase one, I guess, is the initial design question, or set of design questions,

Speaker 2  13:44
yeah, and you bring up a great concept bill. So generally speaking, backbone framework is far more important than building out the admin space to be turnkey. So likely, you know, our team can definitely build a workspace as time goes on. We did it here in San Leandro. It's not the previous but that may be a solution that we just end up taking on, and as time goes on, we we create the space that we're looking for, for employees now that it's going to be a permanent building, so that's a great concept, and yes, we'll make sure we get you direction on that

Speaker 3  14:36
this is genuinely throw this away, if this is not helpful at all, and just leads to more confusion. So just gonna throw it out there, and maybe Clayco And you all have some input, but I don't know. I've seen in other project types where, you know, you just bring on some temporary buildings for housing that function. And I don't know if there's anything gained by looking at actually having the office space be really an office space built to that level, like a true business type, type of construction, as opposed to what we're doing, which is a little bit more substantial in terms of height and size. And so that might just throw it out there and absolutely throw it away.

Speaker 2  15:21
So, you know, Rebecca, it's something that Nick brought up to keep

Speaker 3  15:31
trailers until you could build an actual building, trailers

Speaker 1  15:35
or a pemb, right? I think you could get, you know, a pre engineered metal building, pretty inexpensive.

Speaker 3  15:40
Yeah, that was my that was my thought too. Yeah, trailer or a metal building. So anyways, Great. Glad that Nick already thought of it.

Speaker 2  15:49
And I think that's a scenario, honestly, is, I think that might be a scenario where we do that. So it's a great That's a great thought. I'm just, I'm gonna put this down here. I think we may already have it at trailers instead of jerky office. Okay, okay, if we hop over to Ryan and Erica and Chris to get their thoughts,

Ryan Hankins  16:20
yeah, what do you think the timeline looks like? Because what do you think timeline looks like for understanding the path forward?

Speaker 2  16:29
Yes, good question. So I do not want to exercise the design engineers at all on this. I want to keep this exercise at as much of a high level as possible, meaning the group that's on the call today. I want to limit us distracting the design engineers with questions that you know will force them to take time to do studies. My hope is we can use the data that we have to extrapolate, interpolate and come up with the high level WAGs or wrongs to just throw numbers at this. So this is the concept, where it may take you, you know, a couple days. It may take us a couple days to get to an answer that's 80% correct. My intention is, I want to keep us in that 80% range and not over exercise the group to get to that extra 90 100% Does that make sense? Ryan, keep it at a high level. This team is going to be a working with our leadership team, Nick and I will be that, you know, kind of that avenue to do that. We'll, we'll do this all up, hard approach with Keith and our leadership to understand what comes out, what stays in. Once we have that nail down, we need to work with Rebecca and Bill and Nitish to understand design time frame impacts, design fee impacts, and then from there, we need to work with the Clayco team to understand construction, break ground impacts. I'm fully anticipating at this point, just me grabbing numbers out of there. We've got a minimum of a month and a half to two month delay, if we're quick and making decisions, and we can get a laundry list together, and I should just say it, I'm hoping it doesn't start li Ryan, I should be asking the question after we get through this list today, it'll be questioned back to your team with that intent in mind, where we're not exercising the design engineers and We're just extrapolating off of existing data. How much time do you need? Is this something we can turn around within a handful of days? Just high level cost,

Ryan Hankins  18:51
some of the stuff, yes, other things like settlement criteria, yes. I mean, like, we just that's, it's not even a wag. It's, it's an engineering solution needs to be defined

Speaker 2  19:06
exactly this is, this is the anomaly, Ryan. But I feel like everything else outside of this, we can, we can keep it to a small group

Ryan Hankins  19:15
between, between the people on this call. I do think that this list is not thinking big enough, in my opinion, agreed. Okay, so I think there's, there's probably more work to be done between brainstorming. Yeah, okay, what? What does the what does the go? No, go process look like for you guys? I mean, Nick, you use that term like, I mean, does this potentially mean that this project is going away? Does it mean that it's not going to Albuquerque? Does that mean that it's just being completely because you guys have already ordered cranes, from what we understand, we understand you guys have already been talking with advanced tank you've over, or you're talking with some of those manufacturers. Does any of their scope have the potential to change or scale down? Or does it mean that, like the project parameters are kind of the same, but we're just reducing everything else? Or what does that look like?

Speaker 1  20:13
Yeah, I wanted to say it's like a firm we would still go. It's just going to be a very skeleton version of what we had before, right? So some, some fashion of it, I think, like we mentioned, I think admin is probably going to take the biggest hit, because we need the functionality of the R and D space to actually make this successful. But yeah, it's, it's really, it hasn't been presented as, like, the project's not going to proceed at all. It's just going to be a smaller version of, or, you know, a less fancy version of what we have now, or just a phasing issue, right? So we, maybe we, you know, do build trailers now and then come back in a couple years and build out the facility. The admin side of it got it, yeah. In terms of, like, brainstorming, though, I know that some of these are pretty small, small potatoes, when we're talking, you know, this, these kinds of dollars, but just from what you guys have heard, Clayco, do you have any suggestions, things that have jumped out at you, as you know, maybe we're over engineered. We're asking for, you know, too nice of a space. So I guess we're just looking for the minimal viable product to get us in there and have a, have a usable space.

Ryan Hankins  21:31
I wouldn't, I wouldn't necessarily say the word over engineered, but I do think that there's four areas where the cost buckets are the most on this project. It's concrete steel, and I think steel is actually the biggest bucket, and it's simply a a effective tonnage, and then electrical and mechanical. And if those are the four buckets we focus like, let's just brainstorm for a second. Mechanical, it's a function of square footage, and it's a function of requirement. So there's two things you can do there. You can either reduce requirements or reduce square footage. If you don't, I think in this case, you're going to need to reduce both electrically. You know, we've got 1010, 10, mega watts coming in, or something like 10 or 15 mega watts coming in. We've got some pretty robust infrastructure. Same thing, I would say it's probably less of a requirement of square footage, more about lineup reduction. So pretty substantial reduction there for trying to save meaningful dollars from the concrete side of things. I mean, we've just got a lot. I mean, if you just look at the sheer cubic yards of concrete, you know, a lot of it has to go with those underground tunnels and Matt slabs and the crane foundations. You know, that's really where your cost is being driven. I think saving meaningful dollars means reducing those significantly. And then I think from a tonnage aspect, it's simply, you know, we're at 50 pounds a foot, you know, I think the conversation is, how do we get down to 35 or 30 pounds a foot? And that may mean removing or reducing some of your crane requirements. And so I think it's, it's a Rubik's Cube approach. I think design definitely needs to be part of the discussion, because it's not simple. But also, I think there's probably a meaningful reduction of capability that the facility is able to do

Speaker 4  23:45
Cory and Nick. Could you help us understand the schedule on this? Like, are you going to get that 80 $500 million in six months? Should we just push it out a little bit? Or what are your parameters here if, you're is, let's say if you're going to do mechanical nine months down the lower road, is that? Is that an option? Or is that out? How can we define this better?

Speaker 2  24:13
Yeah, right now, I will look at this as you know, if we can defer scope, then we have to find a means to go out and fundraise for that scope, you know, we, I won't, I won't speak to our fundraising efforts right now, because those are, you know, those are things that we don't want to share externally right now. But ultimately, the series, A that we have has already been spoken for, so we don't have the cost overrun that we endured in this latest rebaselining effort. It's just money that we don't have. So think of this as this is happening kind of across the board of the company, and we're really needing to, we need to shed to be able to make it to the next step. We can't continue to endure additional cost overruns the way we have been and pay for them, because we just simply don't have we don't have the funding. It's going to take an additional funding effort to go through that. So I would say most of these items are likely just going to be eliminated altogether, and there may be an opportunity to rebuild in the future. But for example, like reducing square footage, if we reduce square footage, which we're not going to build it back, we'll just work with what we currently have. Does that answer your question? A Tish, yeah.

Speaker 4  25:43
I think so. Essentially, at this point in time, the design team has to work with 180 $200 million less. That's that's the primary goal. And I think, as conversely to that, if we need to take a little bit of time, that we should take that time to get it right.

Ryan Hankins  26:02
I my opinion, is the one and a half to two months, I mean, for cutting 80 to $100 million out of this project. I mean the things that I mentioned before, I the four areas I talked about, those all require significant redesign and significant basis of design revisions,

Speaker 2  26:25
I agree. I threw a number out there. I didn't mean to struggle. You guys, this isn't it. I don't want us to get too hung up on questions that are centered around, so our Chad today, I don't get too hung up on questions centered around, well, what is the true schedule impact? What is the true design fee impact? These are things that will naturally be able to define and quantify once we figure out what the direction is, after we quantify all of our opportunities. I'd like us to focus today. I just want folks to understand that Pacific fusion recognizes that this is impacting the team across the board, and there will be changes that we have to endure and accommodate to make this happen. So I just want to give you guys confidence that this will be a two way conversation in the future, but to keep today's topic productive, I'd really like us to focus on where are the opportunities, and how much time does Clayco need to throw a WAG at it. That's 80% confident. Does that mean? Let me, let me know if the direction sounds off, and you guys have a better solution, but go ahead. Nick Yeah, oh no.

Speaker 1  27:39
I was gonna say in the background, I think James and I have a number that we're comfortable sharing with you guys. So we would be targeting 180 million. Ryan, this would be the Clayco construction cost. So not not the overall project, but just the construction contract, about 180 reduction from where you were at about, what were we at?

Ryan Hankins  28:06
230 Well, if you are looking at Ben GE number, it's like, yeah, 50, yeah.

Speaker 1  28:13
I think that was sorry, let me plug it up. Yeah, it was 250 before.

Unknown Speaker  28:17
So we'd have to

Unknown Speaker  28:18
cut out about 70 million

Speaker 2  28:21
of construction. Yeah, I think, I think we need to target 85 to 100 million heads up. Nick that I think that's going to be a, yeah. I think this, this, this hard cost number just heads up. And Nick and James are kind of working some numbers in the background, but Keith kind of has his own ideas. So let's just assume that this number needs to be 160 and that 180 is is the ceiling.

Ryan Hankins  28:50
Does that include contingency at this stage?

Speaker 2  28:54
Otter contingency? I don't know Nick or James. I don't think it does.

Speaker 1  29:00
You know, it would not, we can, yeah, if you have like 5% I think is what we were anticipating in there.

Speaker 2  29:16
So I guess all it would, it would include all direct and indirect costs of construction, not including owner contingency. Does that help clarify? Yeah, that helps. Thank you.

Speaker 5  29:35
Okay. And Cory, I know you don't want to dwell on this, but just so we can be super clear on direction to the design. Of course, we're working very quickly towards that. June 15, date is the direction you're getting today. Keep going. Guys, don't pause. Keep going. June 15. Or do you want us to tell our design team pencils down. And if you do, what's the date certain for us to deliver that message?

Speaker 2  30:09
Yeah, so the direction today is we will not submit foundations today. So that's that is one change. I will work to get you guys future direction about foundations by the end of today, I just want to circulate this with leadership so they understand the decisions that we're making and how that's impacting things. If we lose a day, I'm not worried about that. Bill you bring up really good points earliest. So for now, the direction is to continue to move forward with we just submit a 50% CDs. I've asked our facility integration team to review those documents by the end of this week, as some of these findings unfold, even sooner. I'm going to say latest end of this week. I'm hoping it's within the next couple days we can give you better direction about whether or not we just go pencils down. So latest end of this week will give you direction on design. I'm hoping, within a couple days, once we have that time with leadership, to help them really understand the impacts of what we're doing here.

Ryan Hankins  31:28
Okay, great, that's helpful is, yeah, is this exercise one that could even with a 1% chance go back to the current scope after you've talked through it with them, or is this 100% no questions asked. This is going to be a reduced project from this point on. Okay, no questions. We don't have the money. Understood. I just was, maybe we come back with something that doesn't, you know, hit all the goals, and all of a sudden they want to go back to where it was, okay, and then,

Unknown Speaker  32:03
yeah, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  32:06
From our side, then, like they're not pausing. But I think for us, we are not going to the market with this set today, as we were previously really kind of looking, looking to do. I think that's why, okay, I will need that in writing, just so that I can track that. But that's approach. I

Unknown Speaker  32:44
Okay, all right.

Speaker 2  32:51
Thank you guys for the feedback. I'm hoping everybody feels a bit more comfortable that Nick and I are fully aware of the impacts that we are causing the construction the design team to endure, and we will work out what those how we accommodate those impacts, once we quantify these opportunities. Does that sound good? Okay, all right, so we understand the intention of today's conversations. You guys, I'm hoping, had a chance to just kind of review these they were in the meeting notes section, so you have a really good idea of kind of the topics we're looking at. I have a blue beam session already started, where I plan on marking up and providing very clear direction on what we're talking about when we're eliminating things so it doesn't get lost in verbal translation before we just dive into it. We've got an hour and a half left. Thank you, Ryan for adding some items here. This makes sense to me. I think a lot of this will fold already fold into some of the topics we've already discussed. Is there anything else we want to add to this list to ensure it gets talked about as an opportunity?

Ryan Hankins  34:20
Well, I'll keep thinking about it as we go. But I think it's going to be, yeah, let's, let's keep going and we'll, we'll add to it as needed. I don't want to distract your flow.

Speaker 2  34:31
Okay, all right, sounds good. Okay, so I'm going to toggle back and forth between the notes here and the blue beam session. But reduce square footage, we already have some thoughts on on what we can do here. So let me, let me go into blue beam and start marking up

Speaker 2  34:57
what Nick and Jeremy and Keith and I were discussing so at a very high level here, I'm going to use this document. So I will, I will create a blue beam session and share this document with you guys.

Speaker 2  35:30
Stay patient with me, because I'm doing a bunch of things where I'm working this up, but what we were talking about. We have no use for this laser preheat right now. So let me get this out of the way. Basically, we eliminate laser preheat, including the corridor, and maybe not the quarter, but we'll say we eliminate laser preheat.

Unknown Speaker  36:09
Okay, 1000 square feet. 20,000 square feet. Yeah, so

Unknown Speaker  36:16
I'm just gonna take some notes here. If you were to do a WAG

Speaker 2  36:23
and feel free in the background to just again, we're not going to hold you to these numbers, Ryan. We just want real time feedback to see how close we're getting, which will help guide the conversation the next hour. But 20,000 square feet, if we eliminated that and re jumble things around. What would we apply? 700 $800 per square foot. That includes fire protection, mechanical lighting.

Ryan Hankins  36:50
I mean, this is the lightest loaded part of the building, and it's right now we're overall 1000 bucks a square foot, but I think most of that's attributed to the R and D space. Man, I got you could build a just for, you could build like a joist and deck warehouse for, you know, for 20,000 square foot, it's probably 100 150 bucks a square foot. We're probably a little bit more than that. I would say no more than 175 for right now. And that might be heavy, still, see?

Speaker 2  37:25
Okay, so that okay, this is going to hurt big time. So you think that we are only going to get $175 a square foot out of removing

Ryan Hankins  37:34
20,000 square feet? Yeah? And that's, that's probably super aggressive, I bet you, you're probably at more like 150

Unknown Speaker  37:46
is that just the space was empty

Ryan Hankins  37:48
before the space was was cold, dark shell. Maybe there was a little bit of lighting in there. I don't know. But, like, that's still probably, that's still probably have

Unknown Speaker  38:01
the cost was wrapped up in structure,

Ryan Hankins  38:03
yeah, we're talking about a cup. We're talking about between one to $3 million somewhere in there, two to $3 million we'll call it.

Ryan Hankins  38:16
Does that make sense? Why? I just want to make sure you guys, because it sounds like that might be a little bit of a surprise.

Speaker 2  38:23
Yeah, yeah. I mean, just the steel and the HVAC there's, I think there's an HVAC unit that may be serving this.

Ryan Hankins  38:34
Mean you could build, like when you could build a, let's say, half, maybe a 400,000 square footer, literally, like, just a cheap warehouse building. You could build that in this market for 6570 bucks a foot. And so if you upsize the steel, like, that's where my mind is going. Is like, Hey, this is more expensive than that. And you know, the slabs only eight inches in there, which is pretty standard with a lightly litter warehouse. I mean, the steel is more, so that's where I'm saying. 150 bucks is pretty is is like doubling that.

Ryan Hankins  39:19
That's, yeah, Leticia,

Speaker 4  39:23
just as an exercise, and not to put you on the spot, if you just call that edge of the R D space, like, just to give us an idea, let's say, Hey, we're just going to build the R D space. We're going to take off all the office space, right of that. What would we be at just to give us an idea, it's like, hey, how much time are we going to spend working up to it?

Ryan Hankins  39:45
Yeah, I mean, the r, d is by far the most expensive. I don't have that number sitting here, and I can't get that in the next 30 minutes, but we could, we could work an exercise to get that to you guys,

Speaker 4  39:59
just to give us an idea is how much effort to put in, into these small pieces to get to an $80 million effort.

Ryan Hankins  40:06
That's where I'm saying, like to get to $80 million like, it's gonna hurt, it's gonna hurt bad. And a lot of it like, meaningfully, we have to go after the r, d space to get there, pretty substantially. I can break out the number for the admin, the cold, dark shell in the lab, absolutely. I just we're not going to get I don't think to where we need to be. That's 100,000 square feet. 100,000 square feet times say, even 150 men.

Unknown Speaker  40:42
I so,

Speaker 2  40:51
you know, one point, yeah, I think we really need to look at this, because at one point we did have market numbers that spoke to, you know, 160 100 and $80 million even with the basement in place, the only things we really added, or 20,000 square feet of central utility building, which I would Say is pretty comparable to this laser right space, same height, and then we upgraded our electrical service from three and a half MBA to 10 MVA. So, you know, I think with a lot of the I

Unknown Speaker  41:49
yeah, I think,

Speaker 2  41:55
right so we saw a significant increase when we priced the 50% DDS. Simply because of those two items, there was an additional code, square footage, and then the additional, you know, to 5000 amp means which gears

Ryan Hankins  42:16
from SD to 50% DD i

Speaker 2  42:24
The cub was not there. The additional 25,000 square feet of the cup was not there. And then our electrical service was three and a half. MBA, gotcha, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  42:41
I mean, I can get you more prescriptive. I mean, I could break out that entire, that entire building, the Admin Building, or we'll call it admin lab building. But I mean, even if you take it, it really what I need to do is figure out how much steel is in there. And right now we're going off of what Thornton Thomas Ed has given us from a takeoff percentage that's going to be the biggest cost move entire thing.

Speaker 2  43:07
Yeah, I really want to challenge this, Ryan. I hear what you're saying, and I believe you, but you know, just looking at a typical Prologis 44 44 but building that does not have any tenant improvement, early tenant improvement program requirements, just just feed the core shell up. We were looking at numbers anywhere from 400 to you know, $500 a square foot. You know, we weren't looking at tenant improvement. We were looking, you know, I think, a turn key solution. We were looking at laboratory spaces at this height being anywhere from 500 to 800 $900 a square foot for this height, right? So part of me thinks that the core and shell piece of this again, I hear what you're saying, and I believe you, but I was expecting somewhere around $500 a square foot minimum. To be honest,

Ryan Hankins  44:19
I can give you endless examples of where those Prologis numbers are off by a margin of 10. And we work with Prologis too, so I have to be careful. But I don't know what they were proposing or how they were proposing it, or it sounds like that number isn't just cold, dark shell. That number is, I mean, like we build battery plants for to give you an example, some of the most technically complex battery plants are, you know, in the 1000 bucks a foot, 700 bucks a foot, and the MEP component of those is 4x what the structure costs. But I'm I hear what you're asking, I will definitely get that information over to you. I don't think I'm able to convince you in this call, I guess is what I'm saying. So I need to put together some information. Together some

Speaker 2  45:27
information. All right, sounds good. Let's keep going through this. There is a so there's a thought that maybe we can take this metal refurb and move that. Move this program to inside the high bay, like somewhere in here, right? So doing so would allow us to eliminate, I'm thinking of square footage and height here. So if we eliminated the square footage of middle refurb, and we were able to reduce the height of because right now we have 44 feet that we're not using. Majority of these spaces are only, I think, 16 feet. Rebecca, do you have that number off the top of your head? No, on

Speaker 3  46:25
the top of my head. I'll look. I can look for in a second. I mean, I'll look and chime back in.

Speaker 2  46:30
Okay, sounds great. But doing so, you know, we've got a lot of we've got a lot of called interstitial space between the program height and the bottom of the roof anywhere from, like, we'll call it, 20 feet. That's additional cable runs. It's additional HVAC duct work runs. It's additional steel, it's additional concrete and enclosure, tilt up enclosure, I feel like, if we can bring down the height of this admin and lab area to the minimum program requirement, there's there's opportunity to save money. Their thoughts on that,

Ryan Hankins  47:14
the question I would ask the design team is, what are the HVAC calculations based on? Are they based on just cooling what's beneath the ceiling, or is it also cooling the interstitial space? I would also ask, because when I hear we're just going to make the building shorter, I hear that the columns, like the roof, stays the same. Ideally, the slab stays the same. The foundations might get a little bit less, but really you're just making your column shorter, which would remove some cost per foot there. And so the other question I have is, is that, is that the intent and the secondary question is, HVAC and electrical? What would those requirements reduce from a design standpoint?

Speaker 5  48:00
Well, Brian, I think first of all, I'd have to talk with the Myers plus team first about their HVAC strategy. I can't imagine that we are conditioning the plenum space. We are using your return. But you know, there's a there's to tell you the trade offs between changing the envelope of the building to lower the roof height, which then introduces other complications about flashing and you know you have, then you're going to have the building popping up to get the heights that you need for the diagnostics of metal reefer. Those spaces are driving what I'll call the prevailing roof height of the project, and why we end up with those really tall plant spaces. That's something we could examine. But, you know, it's not pure savings, because there's going to be, yeah, there'll be design trade offs in the other direction to accommodate those envelope adjustments. But you get, you know, you do save exterior, you know, the tilt, the tilt, wall construction and burn that down savings there. So, yeah, I mean, it goes in multiple different directions.

Speaker 2  49:21
Okay, yeah, so diagnostics, let's see. Can somebody remind me what the height of diagnostics is? Is that 30 feet,

Speaker 3  49:33
I think we were doing 35 as our baseline clear space. Can't remember for 30 or 35 what was the other dimension that you were wanting?

Speaker 2  49:43
Courtney, yeah, is there any, I think metal refurb is the other high program?

Speaker 3  49:53
Are you looking for the square footage of that space?

Unknown Speaker  49:56
Oh, the height of metal refurb.

Unknown Speaker  49:58
The height. Okay, give me a second.

Speaker 3  50:15
Pretty sure that we were keeping 30 or 35 clear in all of those spaces, but and that the only one that we couldn't keep that clear space in was there was, like a couple of, I'm pretty sure we did that in all of those spaces, 30 or 35 i

Speaker 3  50:44
Okay, yeah, we have 35 in metal refurb, 35 and diagnostics, 35 Yeah, we did 35 across the board.

Speaker 2  50:53
Okay, so 35 in Target clear and target fab,

Speaker 3  50:59
yeah, all of, all of all of those target fab, IMG service, the workshop, yep,

Ryan Hankins  51:09
I think everything in that, we'll call it building, the lab, admin building, I think, is that height?

Speaker 3  51:15
Yeah, they have ceilings in those spaces. In the laser the laser room, the bottom right hand corner, we don't have, like, a specific ceiling in there. It's just open to the it's open to the structure above. So there's not it's just like the steel structure

Unknown Speaker  51:38
Gotcha. Okay, let's see,

Speaker 2  51:46
I'm kind of rethinking strategy here, based on some of Ryan's comments, part of me is thinking, you know, what, if we went back to the 50% DDS, there was a couple pieces of equipment we added for an electrical and process and cooling. You know, there's about a $50 million ad. Part of me is wondering, if we just go back to the 50% Ed said, Just build that. That just keep, I mean, that at least maintains the program. We just want to be adding Performance Coatings or additional HVAC equipment.

Ryan Hankins  52:36
Even from there, though, we need to cut wait if we were only saving about $15 million because we were at 232 3234 whatever it was, and now we're at 249 so you're really only making up 17 million,

Speaker 2  52:54
17 million. And that's that's basically if we eliminated the Mitchell cool down pits, along with so a lot of that was due to the steel and the Michael cool down pit covers that. That should be a big ticket item. Ryan, if we remove the Michael cool downs and those pit covers,

Ryan Hankins  53:15
how much? Yeah, to your point, you save 10 million on the covers you save, I don't. I need to go figure out what that breakout would be for the actual concrete. The Pit is already dug, because you're doing a equipment pit anyway. So it's not going to save any much on the earth work, but you'd save someone's concrete.

Speaker 2  53:38
Yeah, understand. But I think we're even talking about eliminating this northern portion of the pit. Where is it here, right? And just keeping this southern portion of the pit. But I hear what you're saying. You're already mobilized because you're digging down. If you're maintaining this, how much additional is it going to be to do these two fair? Yeah, so I'm just again. I'm throwing notes on this. I see, you know we were looking at we're currently holding 10 million Ryan for these pit covers.

Unknown Speaker  54:18
Yeah. Okay. Do

Speaker 2  54:29
we have any more information on what we think that high density concrete could be?

Ryan Hankins  54:34
Yeah, it saves you a lot,

Unknown Speaker  54:38
okay, like 8 million,

Ryan Hankins  54:40
over over 5 million. Like, it's probably closer to 10, but it's or sorry, it's not closer, because that's the whole thing. It's between five and seven. We'll call it.

Speaker 2  54:56
Okay, eliminate pit covers, and pits. So I think there's an easy scenario like, how much do we save? We just get rid of every this whole scope, right? Yeah, one, just eliminate it all together. I don't have that number in

Ryan Hankins  55:15
front of me, but we can definitely get that in short timeline.

Speaker 2  55:20
Okay? And then the other one is just eliminate, you know, just high density concrete. So I'm gonna call the top end. It's gonna be minimum 10 million, right? Because we should also be moving the labor for form work. So I imagine there's a couple more million dollars there the HIGH Concrete covers, you know, let's Just say we reduce five to seven. Okay?

Speaker 2  56:02
Kind of Okay, so this is one area. There's also, let me just go back to this. This is probably an easier way. So this area here, there's an opportunity to reduce or eliminate this scope altogether. This is a long shot, but it's something we're exploring today, is, if we just get rid of this pit altogether, how much does that save us,

Ryan Hankins  56:31
the whole thing, or just this part you're looking at, just this part that I'm looking at, that's that that's a good savings. I mean, you have six six feet of concrete beneath it. You have the four foot walls, and then you have, would we do anything with this matte slab at grade? Or would that still be six foot?

Speaker 2  56:51
I'm assuming we would still need that six foot matte slap at grade. So we just need to match the concrete characteristics just adjacent to the stone wall of that equipment pit.

Speaker 1  57:05
Do you want to call out the middle cool down pits here as well for removal? Yeah,

Speaker 5  57:19
we'll have to. We got to re analyze the life safety approach to that. The analysis rested on the whole the whole assembly. So just need to revisit it. Sure there's always all for it. Burn it up. Yeah.

Speaker 2  57:41
Do Yeah, and Ryan, I just, I just checked my notes, just going back the pro lodge comment of four to $500 is this was something I just had to check from like 2024 we worked with so we tap equity providers like East dill, they're basically brokers. We tap them to understand kind of the bare bones, vertical cost of typical industrial or laboratory or manufacturing buildings at 4445 feet, and they had given us a number anywhere from 430 to $740 a square foot. And that was not with a turn, that was not a turnkey solution, that was just your your core and shell scope.

Ryan Hankins  58:37
I this was, this was 2024, yeah, I don't believe them. I mean, I don't know, Nitish and Bill, I don't know if you guys could weigh in, but that that sounds like, that sounds like all in cost for what they were proposing. But we could also get you back up to mean, or you can talk with our development side. They they build stuff all the time. I'd love to share whatever I'm open book. I'll give you whatever data you want to help you with, with, with everything.

Speaker 2  59:14
Yeah, yeah. I think we just need to, we just need to figure it out. I

Speaker 5  59:26
I'll say your opinion, for your thoughts, are much more valuable than mine. If building,

Ryan Hankins  59:41
if building, if buildings were $400 a foot, we would be making, we would be doing a lot better than even in a in a good market, the GCS across the nation would be doing fantastic on these million square footers. But I mean that it's just not, it's just not reality. It's yeah.

Speaker 2  1:00:05
Okay, yeah. I mean this, this building, has always been priced at minimum $800 a square foot. So that,

Ryan Hankins  1:00:15
I do believe, for all of your guys requirements, I do believe that 800 bucks a square foot is in the realm, but that includes everything that's a turnkey construction, not process.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:33
That's right, yeah, yeah, that's right,

Speaker 2  1:00:39
yeah. We're currently sitting at somewhere around 1100 at this point, yep, which is probably at the top end, yeah. So just, I think, to nutritions point, just understanding, you know, my mind, I'm thinking, there's, there's opportunity to cut costs if we cut square footage, but if it's, it literally sounds like it's dropped to the bucket.

Ryan Hankins  1:01:03
It it's not going to save you. Like even if you remove that whole admin side, you're not going to save the project. I do think there's value in looking at it, though, as part of the solution to get down to where we need to go.

Speaker 2  1:01:20
Okay, well, let me, let me ask at a very high level. So if we went back to 50% EDS, and we built 50% EDS, could we save the project and save the program? We're just not adding additional you know, they're not air source heat pumps anymore, but can we still build 50% EDS for what it was priced at

Ryan Hankins  1:01:52
one second, please? I think you're I think you're closer, like I kind of where I was going before what I'm Hold on one second. I'll get a full thought together.

Speaker 2  1:02:14
Yeah. I mean, what we're talking about right now is we're talking about eliminating some HVAC units and the middle steel covers, the trench covers, to get us back to where we were at 50% Ed prices, pricing versus completely upending the program. Based on 100% DD pricing. It's just if those are the two extreme options for us, I'm going to drive us back to a conversation that strips scope to only look at what we were doing at 50% DDS and the rest will figure out right, even if we have to cover those Mitchell cool down bits, because we don't want people falling into them anyway. Go ahead. Ryan, yeah,

Ryan Hankins  1:03:11
so if we go back to 50% ed at 232 million, you add in the contingency, we'll say 5% and you don't take in all these adders from the previous drawing set, if we just say, you know, we're going back to where we were previously. So that means no fire proofing. We're going back to type 2b construction and all the other things we're still needing to save a significant amount of money, and I think so, 232 plus. Let's just do the quick math. 232 times 1.05 so we're at 243 from that number, we need to save minus 160, $80 million and the bucket to cut, the four buckets to cut, come back to concrete steel, which remember Steel at that point was a plug based on TTS quantities, and so we still haven't seen the updated design set, so I don't really know what we were actually building back then, mechanical and electrical, which I think we've got a decent, a decent way to go save some money on mechanical and electrical. Steel is a wild card, and concrete is a wild card because your requirements are gonna have to drastically

Ryan Hankins  1:04:50
change. Does that make sense, or did I? Yeah, I'm also

Speaker 2  1:04:55
just connecting to the dot that you guys never priced this at 160 to 180 you guys have held a number at 232,

Ryan Hankins  1:05:04
yeah, I was never told that we I was I thought our budget was within the range of where we were needing to be, but it sounds like the budget that was given at the 50% DD was nowhere near where it needed to be. I

Ryan Hankins  1:05:31
because if that was the case, I would have been raising my hand A lot more. I

Speaker 2  1:05:58
Yeah, the scope difference that happened and we realized you guys were not on the project previous to 50% Ed, the only difference between this 160, and 230, number is the additional 20,000 square feet in the central utility. Building and the two addition of two 5000 amps, which gears going from a three and a half MBA service to a 10 MBA service,

Ryan Hankins  1:06:47
right? So that's, that's not $80 million but it is a, it's a, it is a cost premium,

Speaker 2  1:07:02
yeah, yeah, definitely, yeah. And we have, I mean, we have pricing from the market

Speaker 2  1:07:15
that speaks to 160 100 and $80 million that includes the middle cool down pits, that includes the that includes the basement and the square, the overall square footage, right? So we locked in the height and the high bay. We locked in the height and the low Bay. So a lot of these other items that have kind of trickled in.

Ryan Hankins  1:07:39
One thing, I think, I think that we're because, like, I don't have a lot of visibility into, like, what we're, what we're all being compared to, can I just fly down to California? Nick, can you fly to California? Or can we go to New Mexico? Courtney, and can we just, like, I'll show you everything we have, and you guys in maybe we can look at some of the previous stuff that we're being compared to, just so that we can help you guys with explaining some of the differences. Would that be helpful? Or,

Speaker 1  1:08:18
yeah, let's see what we have and dig them up. I don't know if you know, we can sit and review old pricing. I don't know if that's really going to help us get where we need to go, though.

Ryan Hankins  1:08:32
Well, helpful only in terms of because I know you guys have to explain things to leadership. I'd love to help you guys with. Because, I mean, obviously I all I know is what I know, and the markets been telling us is 232 originally. And so understanding what that 161 80 is will help me. If you guys are being judged on that internally, will help me with, with being able to help you guys understand what we're seeing differently from what that 160 to 180 was based on,

Speaker 1  1:09:05
okay, yeah, let's, we may want to do that. Let's, let's see where we end up here at the end of the day. I don't know what your thoughts are, Courtney, if we want to go that far back, that would be useful to you.

Speaker 2  1:09:19
I think Nick and James. We definitely need to. We need to pow wow after this conversation internally. But I think to keep the time productive,

Speaker 2  1:09:37
let's, let's keep going and conveying to the rest of the team all the items that we, you know, we can, we can eliminate here. So, you know, ultimately, since we're owning this building, if we don't need a 44 foot tall lab in R D space, and it only needs to be, you know, 36 feet tall, there's, there's savings there, right? So I guess, if this is, I guess we're only saving five feet, right? There may be an opportunity there, if we, I

Speaker 2  1:10:24
Okay, five, five foot heights production in admin and lab space.

Speaker 1  1:10:37
One of a another dumb suggestion, what if we put the could we fit the cub into the laser? All the cub equipment into the laser, pre hate space and

Unknown Speaker  1:10:47
AX the cub.

Speaker 1  1:10:52
I think they're roughly about the same size. I just don't remember the height requirements for both.

Speaker 2  1:10:57
I think just relative to where the back of house equipment is that's just not, not an option at this point. We're talking about massive site. Yeah, exactly.

Ryan Hankins  1:11:15
What about so mean, we've got air source, heat pumps on the roof, which most of those are actually getting removed. Now we've got what else is inside of that area. There's electrical infrastructure, which most of that you could probably put outside, just pulling on your thread. Nick, we have heat exchangers and whatnot that I think are being removed now we a lot of them are being removed now, based on some of the other ve that was accepted for the glycol loops. I mean, I guess the dumb question is, is, is there a way to make that cup building much smaller and or not needed?

Speaker 2  1:12:08
No. Marty, I already asked that question, yeah, yesterday. Switching topics here, we ended up putting these massive Mitchell secondary containment pits underneath, and it's just turning into kind of a complicated thing with all these peers to support Ryan, what are your thoughts on if we just had a French drain and a secondary containment pit out back or tank out back that could catch the volume either it's gravity fed underground or is force fed via pump, but just having a French drain profile, which I believe is a much more elegant solution, and then we bury pipe to a backyard secondary containment tank, either above ground or below ground. Would that solution be more elegant and more cost effective?

Ryan Hankins  1:13:00
What? What is it containing? Water or oil?

Speaker 2  1:13:05
Fire Water and oil. So it needs to contain 10% of the total volume of the middle module, my volt fluid, I have the calc somewhere, and then 20 minutes of fire flow. So essentially, we'd be taking this volume here, this is an easy calculation, and just right sizing what's going to be like $130,000 tank, and then providing what's going to be a much smaller French drain profile, not as a means to hold that volume, but just act as an avenue or conduit to remove that. So that is a flow calculation to remove that to the tank outside.

Ryan Hankins  1:13:50
I was wondering what these pits were, were, why we were doing that, but that makes sense. Yeah, there's probably, there's probably another way to do it.

Speaker 2  1:14:04
Yeah, I would like us to price, understand the price difference, to just do a smaller French drain with an outdoor tank at the volume of the it's an easy volume, Cali, gray, it's height, width, length at the volume of the two idle, or, I'm sorry, my volt. It's, it's, it's secondary containment, somebody who does not have an infrastructure engineering background made this decision, who is in leadership, and I believe there's actually a cheaper solution, if there is great, but we just need to

Ryan Hankins  1:14:58
prove it. And yes. Paige Stantec, any any thoughts there from your Jesse said,

Speaker 5  1:15:09
Well, I know that we worked through the requirements. Justin Hughes, and I would just want to go back and remind myself if we landed on the solution for a code required. It's a code required solution, or if there was, and if the print strain solution is both cheaper and acceptable for code that we have no objection to it. But, yeah, I thought it was code driven.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:44
But we'll, we'll go back and look, yeah, yeah, I think it was

Speaker 2  1:15:50
Nate should probably have some more insight based on Justin's conversations. We were driving this design. But I believe Jens and Hughes offered additional design options. And I believe that French train with an outdoor tank is a solution. They they provide a memo. I didn't mean to cut you off in

Speaker 4  1:16:14
a thing for me, we just need to make sure, I believe, you know, us doing the most expensive part of the building is, is compounding the cost issue. So if we can contain it properly outside, I think that is a more elegant solution. We'll just, we'll just walk through our solutions and, you know, walk through it. But Johnson Hughes go back to that, those three options that Right track here. We'll, we'll do our due diligence and come back.

Speaker 2  1:16:44
You. I can imagine all these little peers and how they need to be dialed in, the base plates that need to be cast in place to support the modules. This is just getting to be a very unnecessary, complicated design opinion. I think there's opportunity here. So, yeah, thanks for echoing that. Nitish, Ryan, does

Ryan Hankins  1:17:04
that make sense? Yeah, you're, you're getting into what I think the ways we need to be thinking in order to get down to budget, like rethinking. My next question would be, can we, can we thin up the three foot mat underneath that, with with this, when you guys go back and look at it, can we also save money on thinning up the concrete Matt's lab,

Speaker 4  1:17:32
we'll have to talk to et on that we, if we are looking at a holistic, you know, holistic approach and How to make this a little more tight. Think we need to sit with the design team like TT, especially since Ryan You're saying that concrete and steel are biggest drivers, we need to put our construction hats on and speak to the PF design team too. Because, like Cory, you mentioned, there was a lot of people who made decisions to be safe during during design, and we may have that being easier and safer solutions.

Speaker 2  1:18:08
So, yeah. Nick Rivera, can you do me a favor? Can you start taking notes on what the actions are for the rest for this team? Right? So for example, page, I'm going to ask, since Nichols, you're working on this with Justin, keep us in the loop. Copy as but if you wouldn't mind just giving Johnson Hughes a call and just going over like, Hey, we're thinking about a different solution. Here is, is this code compliance? If you could take kind of part of the due diligence to get to get to these decisions, to help Clayco Understand what we can price. That'll be super helpful. But Nick, if you can keep inventory of how folks need to help out in that process, I'd appreciate it.

Ryan Hankins  1:18:59
I think the other biggest cost savings item I can think of from a requirement standpoint, has been broad brush strokes on this 750,000 pound thing that's getting rolled across the slab, I think, For the target chamber. My other if those brush, if those broad brush strokes have been made, what else has been made with the overall like, steel structure for making Thorn and Thomas Ed, like, I'd love to see like, what? Why they think the like, what requirements have been put on them for making the structure so beefy? Is it just because of the cranes, or is it because of other things that Pacific fusion have told them to to paint with a broad brush?

Speaker 1  1:19:56
Yeah, really, we're looking for the PF requirement driving that correct.

Speaker 2  1:20:02
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. You're kind of, you're kind of right on there the 800,000 pound transporter. I'm not sure how much that really impacts the pricing between 50 to 100% a lot of that floor loading criteria, but we should ask that question of Marc and Frank to see what, to see what the design Team is saying versus what Pacific fusion is saying.

Speaker 4  1:20:41
I seen so Cory, if we were to go down this list to see, hey, where is the best impact we can make on fee, just tracking it down from Ryan's schedule of values, if he goes steal and then say, Hey, how can TT validate this design decisions, I think it'll be worth an exercise to go back and say, like, hey, how much of a factor of safety do we have on the steel? Is this overkill, or is this correct? Right? Similarly, with concrete, the thicknesses of concrete that we have here, it's all based on some input from pF, and once we see that value, now we can go and validate that decision, right? I think we just need to track down the highest impact values and just track down our decision on how we got

Ryan Hankins  1:21:32
there, exactly, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:42
And I am,

Speaker 2  1:21:45
I'm literally, at this point, just throwing out some broad brush concepts. So if we wanted to,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:00
if we wanted to, I'll give you

Ryan Hankins  1:22:16
another dumb another dumb thing that I bet you Thorn and Thomas said he would say, is driving steel design? Can we re look at base spacing, or is that a no go?

Speaker 2  1:22:31
I thought we did that, to be honest. Once we decided that Heinz is not going to be our, you know, our owner partner, we were able to drive base, basing, at least in the R and D, we were able to drive base facing closer. So in the R D, we're maxed out, but I think in the lab and admin space we a lot of the laboratory memo was, was driving a lot of that, but it's, it's worth a question. I just don't think we're gonna get very far with it, because we've already kind of run that to ground back in November of last year.

Speaker 5  1:23:15
Let me, let me ask Brian, what are you what are you thinking? Are you thinking that regular column spacing would make, would reduce cost of construction for you guys.

Ryan Hankins  1:23:26
Or, I mean, no, I'm, I'm looking, I'm thinking about this with my design hat on, like we have broad brush, you know, going back to what Nitish was saying, you know, looking at what the assumptions were for the loadings of the structure. And then you couple that with the fact that there's really wide base and requirements within the R and D space. Is there a way to lessen the requirements overall to, you know, to, yeah, but it sounds like you're saying RMD is pretty much locked in.

Speaker 2  1:24:03
Yeah, yeah. If you look at the middle tube spacing, you look at that tank spacing. This is something that we've we've driven into the ground over and over again. There's not even an inch movement basic based on that middle tube spacing, and how often we can do that, versus the spacing in the east to west direction with that tank. We've, we've dial that in. So we're, I would say there's no opportunities there. I've no I know we've already worked on this with Thorn and Tom city. So if it's different, I would say in the admin space, the laboratory space, I think at this point, is going to really impact me most. Jeff, I'm thinking a little bit bigger, like, what if this R and D space, or this admin space, it becomes a cold, warm shell. So we don't build out a lobby, we don't build out a

Unknown Speaker  1:25:13
control room.

Speaker 2  1:25:15
What? How much do we save? If it just there's a reflective ceiling plan and you and it's just a big space with concrete. So my my hunch with something that we were allocating $275,000 for our admin. It sounds like Clayco was, we've never really reconciled that Clayco was only allocating $190 a square foot. How much of that can be stripped out if we just have a, I'm sorry, a warm shell, not a cold, warm shell, but a warm shell.

Ryan Hankins  1:26:02
We can definitely look at that.

Speaker 4  1:26:05
Okay, okay. I don't know how much this is coloring outside the box, but I'm just going to ask you, if we have this one big crane in the middle, is there, is there a parameter? Why it's only in the middle can that be widened to just be one crane in the space is that just,

Speaker 2  1:26:28
oh, never, never thought of. I mean, you can't really, it's all dictated by column spacing, right? So you have your base, and

Unknown Speaker  1:26:40
you're not going, if you have, we're

Speaker 2  1:26:45
not going to be able to get something from baby to Bay a or base C with columns in the way.

Speaker 4  1:26:54
Yeah, I was just thinking more holistically, like, you know, hey, we just make, I don't know whether it's just going to increase the columns sizes or whatever it is, but out of my name, but I'll have the conversation Tom City or somebody else has asked the question, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:21
yeah, yeah. Part of me is even wondering, like, this

Speaker 4  1:27:34
question can be asked, like, are you having this conversation with your design team as well? Courtney, like, hey, what?

Speaker 2  1:27:44
Yeah. I mean, the big thing is settlement criteria, right? We've asked for the moon there. I think the engineering study that I'd like to see from Mark, which I know is going to take a bit of time, is like, hey, let's throw another few data points here. If we had an inch settlement criteria, what would that do to the ground improvements and the foundations?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:14
Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:28:21
so just get a couple other data points to say, Hey guys, we're asking for something that's costing us $10 million in grant improvements because the geo peer density across the floor plate of this is so dense that it's causing all this addition. We save two and a half to three to $4 million right? Those are kind of questions I want to be able to quantify to help drive some of the design criteria that's coming in our direction. I want to be able to push back on that a little bit, knowing that we've, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:29:06
just off the cuff, Ryan, I think the difference between so this is something that's going to show up in the 50% CD set. I don't, I don't think it was shown in the 100% Ed said, maybe Rebecca and the tissue can remind me, but we did isolate the cub, right?

Speaker 3  1:29:25
It's in the 50% CDs and the early foundation, but it wasn't in 100% PDX.

Speaker 2  1:29:30
Okay, so wait, this is going to be a cost. Add No,

Ryan Hankins  1:29:35
because we did. We did factor in half a million dollars for that.

Speaker 3  1:29:40
Okay, you knew about it. We because we had made the decision. It just had. It was documented.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:45
Okay, good, okay, gotcha? Okay?

Speaker 1  1:30:12
Cory, quick. Oh, I'm sorry I step on someone. No, go ahead, Bill. I was just thinking of other other brainstorming things, but go for it.

Speaker 5  1:30:21
Well, yeah, I mean more to the point I'm thinking in terms of process. And I just wanted to throw out the idea that maybe we, we could, we treat this effort over the next series of weeks as a

Unknown Speaker  1:30:42
potentially as a big room type designer for sort of IPD style with if Clayco can dedicate folks and

Speaker 5  1:30:56
psintec, and obviously it's a dedication of some design staff, time discipline, so we can quickly work through out of target value, sort of rapid cost estimating may be helpful.

Speaker 1  1:31:23
Are you saying set up like a separate workshop kind of bill?

Speaker 5  1:31:26
And yeah, I'm thinking like, if there's a way to host a war room in a PF facility in Albuquerque, or any weekend in our offices, I don't know I don't want to give away, but, yeah, I'm just thinking in terms of, like, how can we make some decisions and understand,

Speaker 1  1:31:53
I think we need to make some big changes. So getting this all in one room, I think, may be helpful,

Speaker 3  1:32:00
I think for our office that we could use that. Sorry, I've just heard it out there. I think,

Speaker 6  1:32:06
for what it's worth, I'm in Albuquerque Memorial Day, so if I have to switch up some base food out there, I can do that.

Speaker 1  1:32:19
Yeah, we probably need to look into doing that Courtney. I think maybe we need a game plan after this and come up with the with the plan here, one other thing I wanted to just throw out there. Courtney is FM Global. I know that's been driving some of our requirements. Maybe that's a discussion you and I need to have offline with our insurance folks and make sure that we are 100% required to meet FM Global requirements. So we could probably have that discussion offline, but I think that's driving some of our things like fire proofing.

Speaker 2  1:32:54
Okay, yeah. And honestly, the bigger decision here is maybe we have to go back to one to be construction type to be, and then we just help Jeremy and Keith understand what that means. As far as future age occupancies have a certain Yeah, sorry, Courtney,

Speaker 3  1:33:22
I was just gonna throw in there that in that type to be one of the complications that we would also need to work through is the separation of occupancies. So then that any the a three area would or, I'm sorry, the B area would need to be separated from the f1 areas. So and then that was a challenge with the large door opening sizes. So there's a little bit of nuance to being able to work through it that might it's not just like a we take out the fire proofing and there's nothing in its place. But yeah, I think definitely worth talking that through.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:57
But it would be a significant reduction,

Speaker 3  1:34:02
I would guess that, yeah, I would need to look at, we probably talk with Clayco, and let them know what, what the separation would look like. But I would it's not across all of the structural systems.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:13
So, yeah, okay.

Speaker 2  1:34:25
I think so. I think a couple things need to come out of this meeting. Realistically.

Speaker 2  1:34:38
Are we able to cut square footage, right? Like, if we're able to reduce admin and just shave off, let's say, I think this is 300 feet across the just the lower portion of our building. If we were able to cut off, you know, say 70 feet? Does that save any money? Maybe Clayco would give you guys time to just internalize where you think

Speaker 7  1:35:13
we can come up with big ticket items?

Ryan Hankins  1:35:17
Yeah, I think we have much more of an understanding of kind of what the ask is this morning versus Friday. So I think there's going back and doing some research on our side, not only with the admin area or the Admin Building, lab building, but also the entire project and where we think specifically we should focus our efforts on reducing costs.

Speaker 2  1:35:48
Yeah, and you know, Nick James and Ryan, I think it's worth so we had Clayco Level up the RFP set relative to how we were carrying that breakout and previous pricing iterations, for a reason, and it's for a conversation like this today. So I'm I'm going to request Nick, if you can leave this Nick and James, if you can leave this with Clayco, let's get something on the calendar so Ryan understands where this 100 and $80 million number is coming from. If we're pushing them towards that direction, they can understand how we price this with the market, right? But it was prior to them coming on board, and prior to them providing an RFP number, which was, you know, several million for minimum, $40 million above that, right? So if what we're hearing is, hey, $40 million is not coming from the 20,000 square foot increase in the cub, or the 10 MBA service increase in the HVAC and electrical that goes with that, then I think we need, I think they need to see those details. I'm Ryan and James. Can you? Can you set up that call with Ryan's team to walk them through those two leveled up numbers so they can, they can get that deeper understanding.

Ryan Hankins  1:37:29
Absolutely, the more we can understand, the more we can help you.

Speaker 2  1:37:34
Yeah, yep, that's, that's what I'm thinking. I think we need to give the team some more transparency here on what we were doing, pre Clayco, before Clayco, BC, before Clayco.

Speaker 1  1:37:47
Yeah, I'll touch base Ryan, and we can find the time, maybe tomorrow or Wednesday, to do that.

Speaker 2  1:37:52
Perfect. Okay, I think the other thing so we only got about a half an hour left, I think we need actions and next steps. So one of the questions Keith is going to ask Nick and myself, when can we get a menu of things we can strip out of this program and project? When will they be priced? And can we start making those decisions? I think now everybody understands what we're doing and how we're doing it. I think we should, we as a team, should come up with, it's not going to be Wednesday, right? How do we want to action this out, get this done, and when can Nick and I reasonably go back to our leadership to provide realistic opportunities.

Ryan Hankins  1:38:44
My thought is that it's not this week. I think it's and I by by hearing you say Wednesday, that's where I'm I think we need, I think we need design like I like Bill's idea of the big room. I think we need to get everybody together for probably maybe not a week, but it's a couple days, I think, at least, to talk through requirements. Talk through what's driving design requirements, basis of design understanding what we think Pacific fusion actually needs, versus what you know, page stand Tech was being asked to design just, I think, some more visibility into that will help us with, I mean, and also giving the design team more transparency in our cost and Pacific fusion will also help everybody understand kind of where all those big cost buckets are. So I think it's a big room approach. I think Bill, you hit it. Hit the nail on the head. I'm willing to go out there this week, spend some time, but it's up to everyone else's availability.

Speaker 6  1:39:55
I agree with that. There's a lot of big decisions that we need to make, and being in the same room is going to help us get that done faster and more efficiently. So yeah, whatever we need to do, let's do that. But I don't want to rush it in silos and report back and forth. I think if we can get in the same room, it's going to be much better.

Speaker 2  1:40:16
Okay, who is best suited to get everybody together? So I'm, I'm not going to volunteer Pacific fusion space. I think if we need to have Jeremy or echo call into this, we can do that. But if we could, you know, I'm hopeful as well. If we can either do this at the page, Stantec office, if we need to do this in Albuquerque,

Speaker 3  1:40:39
I can already, I can agree. I mean, I have no authority to do it, but, but I've done it bothers me for it. So I feel like people would be delighted to have you all here.

Ryan Hankins  1:40:50
So, and if it doesn't work out, clayco's Phoenix office is always available as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:57
We have space in Los Lunas also.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:58
So I think that big conference space is

Unknown Speaker  1:41:01
fairly well under utilized appointment who

Speaker 2  1:41:08
wants to take so somebody asking basically that one of the folks From the Design team to just set that up, or it to date, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:41:35
I can make it work either way. Like, okay, I can be in California and more if I need to.

Speaker 5  1:41:41
Oh, I think it makes more sense for it to happen in Albuquerque with EF engineers calling in virtually. I think it's well, let's see. Erica, you're not in Albuquerque.

Speaker 6  1:41:59
I will be in elder cookie next week, so if I need to come in early, that's fine. I have done this in the past, and I always think it's easier and better when we're in the architect space, because they can react a lot faster, but also I can pivot wherever we need to be. But yeah, I think if HVAC has some room for us. I think that would be great.

Speaker 5  1:42:26
Okay, great. Well, we're gonna, we're gonna barge into your office.

Speaker 3  1:42:31
Rebecca, you're all welcome. It's right here.

Speaker 1  1:42:36
Perfect. So do we want to target next week? Then, is that what I'm hearing?

Speaker 5  1:42:42
I know, Cory, you were hoping to move maybe even faster than that, but I'm sure

Speaker 2  1:42:48
this is, this is a massive, massive exercise. Nick and I have a lot of work to do to help leadership understand that this is, this is having a massive impact across the team. And to do it right, we need the time garbage, garbage in, garbage out.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:12
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:43:14
Well, yeah. I think, I think, you know, I think we spend this week Ryan, Ryan, Nick and James, we need to spend this week getting Clayco up to board on previous pricing sets, because maybe our interpretation of how things have changed and why they were priced higher is not what's actually going on. So I think we need to bring you into that discussion and open our book to show you the numbers that we were carrying previously. So we need to send you. Ryan, I think we need to send you the previous set. James, if you're still on a call, the number that we the hard costs that we were holding, that 180 number, the set, the recent set that that was priced off of. And so you understand how that scope changed. Because I'm almost at this point inclined to basically go back to that set, because we, you know, we likely Ryan, just through the Jesse that we were working with at that time, they went out to the same subs that you guys have currently gone out to right like it's a tight knit community in Albuquerque, so likely it's the same subs that have been on this throughout the project. And part of me is thinking, maybe we just need to go back and just tell our leadership what we cannot produce to keep the program, or at least the square footage of this facility, intact. So there's, I see two directions. We keep the square footage intact. We reduce program, or we're basically reconfiguring this thing, which I'm not feeling so awesome about.

Ryan Hankins  1:45:02
Yeah. I mean, there's a lot of, I mean, yeah, let me, let me get the information. We'll put together some structured thoughts, and then we'll also look at it from those two different angles. Yeah. I mean, going back to what Bill said in the beginning, I like to have the way build said it. What can we build for 140,000,001 one, 50,000,001 six, whatever the number is, doesn't matter. I like that approach, and I think that will bear some really good fruit, if we think about it that way, but that will mean some pretty drastic changes to program.

Speaker 2  1:45:46
Okay, so, yeah, I guess that number is, what can we build for 180 million?

Unknown Speaker  1:45:55
Yeah, basically we're at Target value

Ryan Hankins  1:46:00
design now, yeah, that's perfect. And from from our standpoint, we don't really care what the ask is. It's just, I think this has been really helpful from an alignment standpoint, because when we understand what your goals are, and we understand, you know, and the design team understands what your goals are, then we could all come together and make some, some pretty cool things happen. But I like the I like how you guys are wanting to give us more transparency to what's happened in the past before Clayco, That'll also help us with structuring it the right way and making sure that it's not just here, Nick and Cory, this is your problem to go deal with. It's how can we help you guys with making sure we structure this correctly to your leadership?

Speaker 2  1:46:52
Yeah, and I'd like to thank all of the work that we forced you guys to do during the RFP to level this up in a format that you guys are completely unfamiliar with that was outside of the CSI format. This will come incredibly handy and an aid and like quick understanding. So we'll be able to show you you'll have yours, and we'll be able to show you the same format from previous iterations we were working off of. So I'm hoping that gets you up to speed pretty quick.

Speaker 7  1:47:21
Yeah. Okay, all right.

Speaker 2  1:47:24
Well, I think we also need so I'm going to create a blue beam session just with notes. I think it's going to be beneficial as we, as we start brainstorming. I'm just pulling out a few sheets from the latest the 100% design set that I think is gonna be helpful in conveying what we're trying to do. I'm going to share that blue beam session with everybody. Please use that as your active working file to provide comments or suggestions as well. I think we also need to, I think we need to give the team a little while to go out, do work, set up these meetings, and then come back no later than, shall I say, like Tuesday afternoon, Wednesday morning, to discuss steps forward, just for a quick sync. What do you guys think

Ryan Hankins  1:48:26
Tuesdays and tomorrow?

Unknown Speaker  1:48:28
Yeah, I think you're out, Brian,

Ryan Hankins  1:48:31
aren't you? No, I'm currently in Idaho, my in laws, my in laws kitchen, but I'll be back tonight, so I'll be I'll be fine.

Speaker 2  1:48:41
Okay. So maybe Tuesday, end of day, or Central Time end of day, we just do a quick half an hour seeing to figure out where everybody stands.

Speaker 7  1:48:55
Does that work? Okay?

Speaker 3  1:49:03
Okay, I would like to ask sorry after you're done writing that note. Can't go for it, just to make sure that Well, I had sent out a message to the team saying that we wanted to do a page turn for the early foundation package on Wednesday instead of our design coordination. So I, I don't know if you're able, Courtney to either tell me, No, let's not do that, or if so, like, right? I don't, I don't want to say anything that's not ready for the design team yet. So maybe you can frame whatever you want to say, or we can, give away things,

Speaker 2  1:49:41
yeah, with the way things are going, I'm inclined to help my leadership understand we need to go pencils down. Yeah. So Rebecca, I think that's a really good idea. Let's, let's, let's kind of eliminate some of the noise from proceeding in a direction we know is going to be shifting. Let's not do the page turn. Let's take the time that we need in the next couple of weeks to refigure out how we cut costs with minimal impacts to the existing footprint.

Speaker 3  1:50:12
But yeah, yeah, potentially, we'll cancel that design coordination meeting on Wednesday. I'll keep the OA meeting, but maybe just minimize it to just this group, or we maybe don't even need it, depending on what happens on Tuesday. So we might, we might have a week where we kind of cut back on those regularly scheduled meetings.

Speaker 2  1:50:39
I think that's wise to be honest. We may want to keep structural, though, because I think structural will have some very important information when it comes to understanding the BC before Clayco pricing numbers and how the addition of the 800,000 so I get a lot of these answers when I talk with Jeremy and echo this afternoon, but if any of those are driving additional steel and concrete costs, then you know, we'll have some of that. So somehow,

Speaker 3  1:51:15
I think that share me canceled the structural meeting that was scheduled for tomorrow afternoon, so I saw that. Yeah, okay, well, we can figure it out. We can do a different meeting with them, if need be, to just touch base, specifically about these,

Unknown Speaker  1:51:31
about this topic.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:33
Yeah, exactly.

Ryan Hankins  1:51:35
Rebecca, is there a way we can get the 100% I don't know if you guys already sent those out.

Speaker 8  1:51:40
Yeah. Did you not get the email with the wait 100% sorry.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:45
What are you asking for? 100%

Ryan Hankins  1:51:47
sorry. My bad. 50% CDs, my bad. Have you guys not sent them yet?

Speaker 3  1:51:51
Yeah, we did. We sent it on Friday. Did you get the email with the links to all of the different

Unknown Speaker  1:51:58
deliverables from Friday afternoon.

Speaker 3  1:52:02
And when I say afternoon, I do mean evening. It was, I figured it'd be evening. It was evening, but it was sent, and I'm almost 100% confident you guys were on there, because I put you guys on there. But the email came from Ambrose Martinez. He sent out the email for me.

Speaker 1  1:52:20
I don't see them on there. Rebecca, I'll forward it to Ryan Erica and

Speaker 9  1:52:26
Chris right now, just so you guys know I specifically added you to my list. You are totally fine.

Ryan Hankins  1:52:33
Rebecca, we're all good anyway. Yeah, we're all good.

Speaker 3  1:52:39
Added you to my list. So my bad on that, I apologize.

Ryan Hankins  1:52:46
Don't lose sleep over it.

Speaker 3  1:52:51
But I appreciate it. I really meant to include I mean, I fully meant to include you.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:58
I got a board a plane. Everyone. Thank you.

Speaker 7  1:53:01
Erica, okay,

Speaker 2  1:53:06
all right. I think on the side, Rebecca and Bill, I would like there to be a super high level engineering study. Again, we're just throwing labs. We don't want Mark and Craig and Matt to do simulations. But if you can talk with Mark about, hey, I really like to know how much is three inch settlement criteria is causing what may be bloat and our maybe our steel, concrete foundation, ground improvements cost, maybe getting two additional data points like, what would it be if it was an inch, and what would it be if it was what would it be if it was three quarters of an inch? What would it be if it was one and a half inches? Maybe those two additional data points to help Clayco Price what this overall system cost would be? Will Can I lean on you to try that with Marc? Yeah, we talked

Speaker 5  1:54:05
about it on Friday, actually, and this sounds like it could be at this week effort. You know, they needed to get past the deadline, obviously, but we're going to reconnect on it. So, yeah, it's very of the moment.

Speaker 2  1:54:21
I Tom, yep. Okay, all right. Well, I set something up for tomorrow afternoon where we can kind of come back and understand how we move forward. James and Nick, if you guys could stay on, like to chat with kind of both of you about kind of the remainder of the day activities,

Speaker 5  1:54:44
and Cory and Nick and Ryan, for that matter, if you guys could send me a list of the people that you would like on the invite list for the I'll call it a retreat or workshop or something.

Speaker 2  1:54:54
I'll send that to you. Bill also. Now to you. Bell is obviously going to be James, Nick myself, and then it's going to be echo and Jeremy, but I think taking a whole day of their time is not going to go over well, so I think we need to bill you, and I need to talk about how we fold them into that conversation.

Speaker 5  1:55:14
We typically have a loose agenda that's almost a drop in basis, so that people feel empowered to when they have time. They can stop in virtually. We can pivot the team. Can pivot. Talk about issues related to echo spaces or, you know, it's, it's a little bit of organic, but, yeah, we're used to working around busy people's schedules. So anyway, we can, we can strategize all the best way to search,

Speaker 2  1:55:42
okay, that sounds good, yeah, maybe there's every day, there's like, a, you know, two hour window where we ask Jeremy and echo questions across the team. Maybe that's the best way to do it.

Ryan Hankins  1:56:00
Okay, all right? I'll get you our list, but it's just me, Chris Erica and Conor Tighe, okay, sounds

Unknown Speaker  1:56:16
like we're done for now.

Speaker 8  1:56:22
Okay. Okay, talk to you later. Bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai