Speaker 1  00:22
Talking Just cool. Okay, so the first meeting is just to first introduce everyone to one another. So, Steve, I'll let you introduce yourself and your companies a little bit, but there's all of you are helping us get this facility built, and one of the things that we're going to all crash on is this offsite development piece.

Speaker 2  00:45
So, I'm Steve. I'm the managing partner for Mesa Los Sell. So, I actually own the property of Mesa Osoal, so that's Mesa O'Sulli itself, NDS Investments, the investment group that owns the property, the managing partner for that as well, and then we have SC three development, and what SC three development is, it's the master developer for Minnesota's fault, so they run beat with NBS, so they're the ones that get assigned the kids and TIDs, so that's how we can finish the work, guarantee that it's done right, gives taxpayers the one that's paid in the future, the taxes are being paid, so we got to make sure we follow all the scope and rules necessary to accomplish no less. Kiki is working with me as a project manager, it's going to be Sun Tzu's project, and he's been SDK, though, graduating this.

Speaker 1  01:40
So, with that being said, yeah, so there's two projects, just to make sure that everyone's on the same page. Do I need to wait for folks to get on the caller, can you hear me?

Speaker 3  01:51
I think we don't have our organization now, so yeah, I think we're okay.

Speaker 1  01:56
So two projects, TrackJ offsites, and then OS three, which is a regional drainage pond that that has multiple pieces of land that drainage rate, so Steve's team is doing the development for both of them individually, and I don't know if you just want to talk to your process a little bit, Steve, about how you go through both of those development projects, and then how you'd be interested in potentially including the CNT and play host teams as that process. Yeah, so

Speaker 2  02:26
on the OS three, we should start there. The OS three is that linear park that goes from north to south, and once that gets designed, what we do is we put it out to bid. We've already talked to all the owners, and they're agreed to contribute to that or their share of it, so that's good. That means we can build it out right away, because it'll make it easier for the city as well. So, what I anticipate is to do that in one work order to make it easier for the city track and not include it with the other work order, because once we establish a work order, that means when we complete it, we can actually start getting the reimbursement thing from the kids, if the kid has any money that's built up for OS three or OS three, because then we're going to decide whether it wants to be public or not building, so we're gonna talk about that, okay? But I wanted to separate it from the off sites, because the off sites are going to be completely dedicated back to the city, and with that, we can run those in parallel, so I don't know what contractors you guys are using to go to the dirt work. If you want to provide a bid, we can look at all those options.

Ryan Hankins  03:51
Are you, are you guys, are you guys directly going to the earth workers?

Speaker 2  03:56
Primarily, earth workers will go to landscape workers, will go through electricians, because you're going to need a meter pool there, you're going to need water, we need plumbing in there for the meter set for the park itself, that's for OS three, and then when it comes through the offsites, then we'll bid it out to TLC, we'll use a compass, we'll use all the normal ones that we use, and then we oversee all the dirt work. We'll just separate it all out in different packages, the packages, and go out. Okay, you guys want to do that yourselves and give you a bid. As long as everything's competitive, we can be in good shape, but we have a preference on contractors also. So, we have the ability to say that this contractor works well, he completes on time, you know, they don't change orders to death, those type of things. So we have experience with everybody up there. That's the reason why SCP Development is overseeing that right now, because we've got in trouble in the past where we have these home builders come in, or even like Netflix, we had some issue in the past because they wanted to use their contractors and slow down the process, we had to engage and spend more time to re-engineer and design, and we know what's on a small solar when it comes to the architectural control committee, you know, I actually sit on that as well, so he's keeping his few other staff members, so it makes it easier for us to just go through those prints, when we submit it to the city, the city looks at it, use it, they have a call. I hired an in-house architect that will start on the 14th, so he's going to be a registered architect in myself. So it's going to make a lot easier. So I'm not depending on outside companies to, you know, schedule these meetings, sit down. We're going to be moving a little faster. Nice speed is important for us. We have you guys going on, we have Woodbury infrastructure going on, we have Bobby Foster, we have Bill Duran, we have affordable housing going down, Bobby Foster. So there's a lot of infrastructure. We'll finish off the road coming up, Jamaica, also that'll start now. It's coming out to be in here in June, so we'll finish that off. Not university, good university. So, university will finish to the end of this hard work, and we're trying to get funding right now. We did get a little funding from the state to do the engineering to go down to Mesa, so we can finish off the other lane that goes off. So, we'll have two lanes coming up, two lanes going off, so we're working on that. Nice, it's exciting. We haven't been the last week. Our interchange is slated to start to hopefully be completed in 36 months, so we'll just practice study on that. We're going to want to push from the USD OT to get that started, so it's pushing the NFD of T to accelerate it, so it's good, so a lot of good things are

Speaker 4  06:50
coming out. Is there.. do you want to talk scope about OS OS three? Because I know there's been a lot of conversations about what we should do up front, save for the future. Don't want to, yeah.

Speaker 1  07:03
So, the way that this project is going to work is all five parcel owners are going to contribute to the funds together, and we're going to do the full scope for all five parcels right up front: earth work first, and then landscaping after, and then it's going to be complete. So, we know exactly what Track J needs, we know exactly what Steve's parcel needs, and we know exactly what scooters parcel needs, and then the other two parcels are going to be - they're going to, I forget the Mike's term for it, like the civil engineering term, but like 90% permeation or something, coverage, whatever it is. Yes, so those two parcels are going to be to that, to that level of drainage, and then that is, that's it.

Unknown Speaker  07:45
Okay, did I did I hear correctly that OS three is typically reversible?

Speaker 2  07:51
We can't, we have to publicly, we have to dedicate as a city park, and that can be problematic from the standpoint that the city doesn't do well on maintaining the parks, number one, and I don't know if they'll accept it because of the budget, and so it could die out like the Snake Hill coming up Mesa is a public was getting was dedicated back to the city, and they're not maintaining it as well, so we spent a lot of our efforts trying to clean it, because that's an entrance to Mesa, so right, number two, there's a possibility that homeless gets any worse, that could be a part of the right now. If it's under private control with HOA, then there's no, that's not gonna happen like that. People, you know, no trespassing, close down the farm after a certain time.

Speaker 5  08:46
So you mentioned you have preferred contractors. Who's the preferred airport contractor out there?

Speaker 2  08:53
Well, of course, Guzman. Okay, constructions is the guy he knows everything around it. The good thing about Guzman is he has the flexibility with the dirt that we have out there, because he's an owner, also with the NDS. Okay, so he could actually take some of that dirt, move it in at a better price, probably most. And, and final language, who and I can call and say, get it done. So, and he's pretty good, and I say, think Franklin is really good work with TLC, done some good work on the infrastructure,

Unknown Speaker  09:31
Compass is probably the best when it comes to the offsites that we're

Speaker 2  09:38
doing, very competitive, but they're when I have an issue, there's a scheduling issue, they take care of it, haven't been delayed once with no change orders,

Speaker 5  09:50
so, so just so, if Clayco were to provide pricing, would that also go under the SC three, but that's the name of your, the other company, I'm just wondering, so as I'm trying to avoid double markup, so just trying to understand if you know, obviously, if Clayco was bidding it, they would go to whatever earthwork contractor have their markup on it, would SC three also mark it up before I got

Unknown Speaker  10:17
negotiated, we It,

Ryan Hankins  10:22
we don't self-perform earth work, so we would be going out to, like, a Guzman or one of the Franklins or Compass to do the work, and we would manage the whole thing alongside the work, right? What the offsets? Yeah, onsite, or we have, we have budget pricing with both use men and with Franklin, so I mean, like, there is, there's a value there, especially since our utilities do connect directly to both those roads, Watson as well as Fritz, not like it's specifically where the cul-de-sac is, and then we're really, the T is coming off of CRIC, and so there is definitely some value to coordinating a lot, especially since our schedules can be dependent on those those roads going on concurrently and also being phased appropriately with our work, so whether it's us building it with the same roof worker or the same contractor and getting a lot of efficiencies, I think there's a, I think there's a play there, but there's definitely, regardless if we do the off-sites or not, I think there's definitely a value to coordinating regularly.

Speaker 2  11:38
Yeah, I think so, and I think what's important also is, I think that you guys are using BHI as your engineer. I use BHI,

Ryan Hankins  11:45
beautiful.

Speaker 2  11:46
So, what's what's good about BHI? It's going to allow us to establish where those connection points are, and we're doing that with Woodbury right now, because of the connection points. It allows us to put the infrastructure in on the ground before you even start to move your dirt. Perfect, you know where that's at, we're going to be ahead of you, so it's not dependent, so if you have a different contractor than what I have, you know, we have an area where that infrastructure is going to go in, the TS, the everything that goes in the manholes, all that's going to be established, and then we'll have, we'll be going to parallel.

Ryan Hankins  12:18
What does your schedule look like currently for those offsites, based on what you use our preliminary planning on.

Speaker 2  12:24
I think we're going to be nine months after we get the engineer drawings.

Ryan Hankins  12:28
When do you think you'll have engineered drawings? Courtney engineered

Speaker 4  12:36
drawings for off-site sites. So this is something that BHI is currently working on, we submitted to DRC.

Ryan Hankins  12:55
No red flags. Something for you to know is that I think it's track J, right? Yeah, we're planning to.. or no, what's the one that's south of your building? Okay, we plan to put our logistics there, so all of our trailers way down area, and so when you guys build that road, whether it's with us or whether it's somebody else, like we're going to be, people are gonna be walking across that pathway a lot, because we're kind of on a posted stamp as far as the, as the lot goes, we don't have room onsite to actually do all that, so we have to use one of the adjacent partials, so just, just more coordination, but yeah, it's actually LM we're using. I got it either way. I mean, we do this all the time. It's not a big deal. We would, you know, I think from a, from a like controlling our destiny, I think it'd be nice to have the off sites. I think there's some value we can create between just using the same contractor for both the onsite and the offsite, based on your schedule. It sounds like it's going fairly concurrently, so I think there's even, even if we don't do it, I still think there is a value to getting the same person doing it, so that there's no argument over a gap, and I mean, even grading, grading is really tough to delineate between a road and the onsite property, so I think either way we need to coordinate, and you know, once we have, like, for example, if you've been, does both of it, then, like, they own everything, there's no, there's no finger point. Yeah,

Speaker 2  14:47
good example is the blueberry complex they put up. It's a 10 acre site, and they did all the work in January. Those things are up now in place for storing the moments. It's amazing capacity once we get going last week,

Ryan Hankins  15:17
so Who's who is BHI also doing your OS three, your OS three stuff, because they're technically designing those temporary water structures,

Speaker 2  15:33
but because it wasn't included in the entire plan, we have to pay almost double, because you guys coming in. You mean they didn't do it for your property the first time. It was another engineer, so we designed it, paid for it, and that's going through the city, and we cut it, done our stuff, but now it's not going to be sufficient. So now we have to redo that. Gotcha, that's why we're okay with that, because we want you guys to be here, specific fusion is important for the state of Mexico, so

Speaker 1  16:10
BHI has done like site work on all of these developed these ponds in the past, like before you moved it, like 20 years ago, so they're familiar with all. I wish they would have done a better job 20 years ago, but yes, mine is here all day yesterday. We should have had you have any bikes here.

Speaker 2  16:29
We're fixing all the mistakes now. Yeah, no, they're good. And I can tell you that with Netflix, we had a lot of challenges on that, because that Netflix is very complex from the standpoint, the security they needed the internal parks, they needed bridges. It was huge budget for us, and it went out with all you didn't miss the schedules, and Netflix was happy, and so this is not as big, so

Ryan Hankins  17:03
It's not, maybe not as big, but it's, it's super cool, it's cool, it's cool, super cool. Yeah, once we

Speaker 1  17:18
have an inside, I just see roads and dirt, yeah. I just see roads and dirt. Okay, Steve, anything else that you wanted to get out of this meeting? Anything else you want to talk about? No, I just need contact. Nick, Nick is specific. Fusions Construction Manager, Ryan is your Clayco guy, and then Rebecca is Stantec, and

Speaker 3  17:38
they're here in Albuquerque office, and Bill's the fiscal charge, not in Albuquerque, but we're

Unknown Speaker  17:45
San Francisco-based, but provide us your point.

Speaker 5  17:49
Yeah, I can send you an email with all of our contact info if that's helpful. Yeah, perfect. And then I can just wrap it all up, so you have everybody's in one.

Speaker 2  17:56
Can we give the engineer drawings to coordinate how we want to do this with a big process with these guys, maybe

Speaker 4  18:06
so for OS three, BHI is contracted to Stan Tech for OS three, BHI is contracted to Pacific Fusion for track JFKs, so Track JF sites is

Unknown Speaker  18:24
the confusion of contracting

Speaker 6  18:31
is part of this lithomapus rate, I mean, you're you're, if you'd like to, you're happy, I'm happy to have you coordinate.

Ryan Hankins  18:51
So, quick question, there's Watson and there's Fritz, but we've talked about that, we've talked about OS three, we haven't talked about the North side, is what's existing final, or is there more work being done to that north side that that is being done by others?

Speaker 2  19:09
No, I think all the infrastructures kind of almost put in with exceptional landscaping. Okay,

Ryan Hankins  19:18
so there's no like slow down or we call them slow down right lanes, right right hand turn lanes, that's 20 foot in design, which you guys are doing.

Unknown Speaker  19:28
So, I don't know if there's any

Speaker 4  19:33
cutouts, the design we're having to hold other folks in, but we're, we have a standing meeting with Jerome every week, and we're reviewing those documents, the progress of those documents. So, Keke, we need to pull you into that meeting, and we can,

Unknown Speaker  19:47
we can have it occurs every Tuesday. Okay, so let us know if the time works for you.

Speaker 2  19:53
Yeah, Jerome kind of is overseeing the overall picture of Mesa when it comes to architectural design learning, but so he helps with city

Unknown Speaker  20:13
else, anything else. All right. Mission accomplished. Everyone met each other today. was a good 21 meeting, 21 minute meeting.

Unknown Speaker  20:34
Thank you. You're as well. Thank you so much. Yeah, glad to put a face to the name named

Speaker 7  20:59
by That's judgment, so I think our PE, I don't want to bring it up, but I think our PE opportunity

Speaker 4  21:11
to eliminate the impervious portion of our

Unknown Speaker  21:14
project is going to be implemented by

Speaker 4  21:18
how you plan. I really need to look into the development agreement, because I'm wondering if the VE for the asphalt portion coordination is how we plan on phasing out work, but we'd be creating more for these spaces.

Speaker 6  21:40
What I'm interested in is there's design to nine months of previous because that's workspace, and so if there's more

Speaker 3  21:50
gravel or baseboards, then that's more pervious area, which helps, that's how I understood it, but they know it's

Speaker 4  21:59
correct, they don't have the nuances to understand that what it happens to address on student information, so we do a couple different things, so we can design OS three for future impervious races, assuming that it's last one, correct? Right, so we don't get the savings of OS three at a time. We only achieve the savings eliminating the asphalt onsite, so that's likely going to be the path of least resistance. Just some nuances. Mindy, in the development agreement, do we have the phasing and the nuances of how we're going to be constructing OS three detailed out, or we haven't

Speaker 1  22:49
signed the development agreement yet. So part of what he's trying to do is get all the SS together, and he owes me the first draft of it. I just want to also make sure, like the BHI work that's happening on OS three under Santik, that basically should all happen through contract with them, so I don't know

Unknown Speaker  23:07
what that is like. What is that work

Speaker 1  23:09
that they're doing like the onsite work? You said there's OS three work being done by BHI under San Tech, none.

Speaker 4  23:18
So BHI is designing OS three this site, I under

Unknown Speaker  23:23
Steve, though we're not paying for that through this process. Yes,

Speaker 5  23:39
three. Is we're tracked to J offsite or the roadway improvements.

Speaker 1  23:55
Sorry, Bill, can you, can you repeat that? What's the OS three scope of the Hyson? I was saying that it's within the property lines

Unknown Speaker  24:08
that's like onsite onsite

Ryan Hankins  24:14
no sorry somebody had I me

Speaker 4  24:23
clarify a little bit, we submitted an early civil site package, BHI is designing that, and

Speaker 1  24:31
OS three is included in that from just a basic content increase, just pons, yeah, no landscaping,

Speaker 4  24:37
correct, but we are paying for that, and this was, I guess this was all under the assumption that at one point OS three was not reversible.

Speaker 1  24:47
We should still proceed with that assumption, because it's very.. I don't think it's going to be reimbursable.

Speaker 4  24:53
So it sounds like now the overall scope of OS three is split up between BHI, that's already proceeding under the Stantec MSA agreement, but it sounds like there's landscaping that also needs to be included. Are we going to pull that in under BHIS, and that's something that seems

Speaker 1  25:13
to pay for that. Okay, so there's there's two different development agreements here. The track day off sites includes an amount of work on OS three sufficient just for what TrackJ needs, which is just like super basic content. Yeah, that's what these are. Yes, and they're terrible, they're very ugly. They don't allow for a trail, they don't allow for anything that, so they're like every all of the stuff that he's doing right now to satisfy that basically will have to get read out. Well, that's the problem. Well, sorry, yeah. No, I'm gonna

Ryan Hankins  25:53
speak out of my bones now, but it's, it's basically C, the right drawing is c2 101 AD Brian's pictures. Sorry, the reason why we have to build this, the reason why we have to build this is because we're basically destroying existing waterways. Yeah, what we're doing is speaking for the design team, but I guess BH is not here, but because we're doing this, we have to funnel the water somewhere, and right now these other tracks are not built

Unknown Speaker  26:29
out, so this is just temporary.

Ryan Hankins  26:30
This is just because he hasn't built out the rest of these properties. Yeah, so

Unknown Speaker  26:35
what we're saying is, instead, Mike

Unknown Speaker  26:37
just wanted to call Mike, Mike's expert, no. Well, oh,

Unknown Speaker  26:44
let me stop sharing. Yeah, don't worry, you put your time on. Hey Mike, can you hear us?

Unknown Speaker  26:56
I can hear you guys. Can you guys hear me? Yeah, great. Thanks for talking on this ball roll, but foot we're trying to sort out scope delineation and OS three among Stan Tech, Pacific Fusion, Mesa del Sol, everyone, all parties, and just wondered, well, something you could set some

Speaker 6  27:23
bring some clarity to how that work is being done and who's paying for it, and your understanding of where the scope for OS three is landing and direction. Well,

Speaker 1  27:39
I wish I could, Mike. This is Mindy, I just introduced everyone here to Steve, so sorry to put you on the spot. I know you haven't been hired to do this work yet, so I'm trying to explain what you're going to do that you haven't been hired to do yet to everyone in this room. So we were basically getting stuck on the fact that in order to complete tracks J offsites, we have to do some basic ponding on OS three that is temporary in nature, right? Until the other parcels all get together and make something more permanent, and at the same time, Steve is going to start this process to properly develop OS three. He's talked to Scooter and us, and then his own property, right, and the three parties are coming together to contribute all the funds, get the design done with you, and get that all constructed efficiently, ideally without the temporary costs, but we're in this situation, right, in order to get tract dioxides done, you have to design and have a plan for offsite for the OS three temporary ponds in case the OS three full development doesn't get done in time. We're in this like weird situation, right? So that's what everyone wants you to explain in a better way than I am doing it.

Speaker 5  28:58
Sure, no, that's great. Sorry, I missed you yesterday. The what Mindy said makes the most sense. The way that we've currently established this great time at UCL community is in order to accommodate the flows associated not only with track J, but it's also got volume in there to be able to accommodate the offsite flows, just like she said, so in the event that we don't have an ultimate design that's associated with OS three to be an alternative, and on top of that, there is a need for this material to ultimately be used for the site's grading purposes, because the site has got quite a bit of import, and so there's there's some level of use of this material, so in a pinch, if we needed to, this pond configuration could be built in an interim type condition, and then that material be used for the site grading itself, we could elaborate this pond a little bit further if there was some opportunity, some time allocated for that, and make it close to what the ultimate conditions are, in also an interim type configuration, it makes it a little bit difficult, but it can be done, and what I mean by that is that, like, we would take a look at this volume that's associated with Track J, as well as the outside improvements, look at what an ultimate configuration of OS three would look like, and then pair that down to just the volume that we would need associated with Track J, as well as the offsite improvements, if that makes sense.

Speaker 1  30:47
Yeah, so Plan A is complete OS three correctly and properly one time. Plan B is complete OS three just to the depth that Track J offsites require in a way that's conducive to the ultimate design of OS three and plan C is put these really ugly temporary back steps in, that's how that's how I summarize that. Would you agree with that kind of plan ABC, Mike? I would

Speaker 5  31:15
you say track J offsite, when I think of that, I think of just the roadway improvements are your yes and the site itself, and the site, yes.

Speaker 1  31:26
When I say track top J sites, I'm talking about the same thing you're talking about. Plus, in our approvals with the city, there is an amount of, you know, call it bathtub on OS three that was required, so it's fully signed off on the track JR sites, right? And that's what we're doing, sure, yeah, and that's this, yeah, and that's what this plan is so

Speaker 4  31:44
far, yeah, exactly. I just want to, I just want to raise a quick point here. I think we need to be so anything above and beyond this, right now I'm hearing this, we're going to proceed as though this is not TID reimbursable. It sounds like there's enough red flags with how we go about getting that approved, that we need to carry this in the budget. So, anything above and beyond this, Mindy, I think we need to be very considerate about what that scope is. We already

Speaker 1  32:10
need to carry that in our budget anyway, because we have a requirement to execute all the way to the full end state

Unknown Speaker  32:17
of OS three. We have, we have a requirement with the

Speaker 1  32:22
IIA agreement to execute what's on drawing Pacific Fusion, as a company that owns one of the five parcels that drains into OS three, has a financial obligation to the OS three completion above and beyond what's what's currently

Speaker 4  32:36
okay, and that's that's what I want to talk about, because right now we're pricing this, so I think we really need to understand what additional scope are we responsible

Speaker 1  32:45
for, because we're not carrying it in our budget. Yeah, maybe those numbers, James,

Ryan Hankins  32:55
which is that not us?

Speaker 1  32:59
That's what Steve's doing, right? Is that is the outside, so yeah, that's not.. I think would be super, super helpful. I think maybe right now it's duplicated in the budget. An opportunity for efficiency from a financial perspective is to coordinate in a way that we can reduce the duplicate, duplicative nature of that study.

Speaker 4  33:17
I think what we should do.. what's internal up there? We have like an internal meeting. I think what we should do is just mark up this drawing to understand what's outside of what's not shown here. Are we talking about we can throw a price to that and just start carrying that, because I want to make sure this scoping delineation effort happens relatively soon. Otherwise, we're going to start tripping up over what needs to happen, why it needs to happen, and how it needs to happen. Right now, we've been carrying the assumption that this is this is the baseline and this is the requirement through the IAD agreement, so anything outside of this we can talk internally, many. I'm not sure why it's required, we just have to go through it. Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  33:54
All right, everyone on the same page. Plan A, B, C with OS three.

Speaker 4  33:59
Well, I'm just messed. Yes, we'll spend some time looking through it. Bill, what's your question? I just wanted clarity.

Unknown Speaker  34:09
What's happening beyond the property lines is not within our contract scope with BHI.

Speaker 4  34:15
That's right. Yeah, any off-sites, any trails, any curbs, any landscaping? Sounds like there's some additional scope there, which is, we need to nail down.

Speaker 1  34:25
Yeah, the ponding work that BHI is doing that you're showing on the screen right now is a part of Pacific Fusions direct engagement. BHI, yeah, yes, I think that's Bill's clarification, and the BHI Stantec work is just onsite within the boundaries of track,

Speaker 5  34:45
yeah, I would asterisk that just a little bit, because of the fact that the site itself needs the pond that we see on the screen right now, and so that pond, that volume is necessary for the site to function, and that be it outside of the property line. I know it's not

Unknown Speaker  35:06
the thing, as long as you're not billing us twice. Mike, say that again. I said, as long as you're not billing us twice.

Speaker 5  35:15
No, not at all. No, and that's the Tom in Houston. There is already part of our current contract, yeah, and that was unnecessary for the site to ultimately function, and then an updated pond that shows a trail system, and, and again, very similar to what you see at Fidelity, there is a need for these water quality structures, there's we call them four bays, there's there's these types of things that would be added later that would be a result of a subsequent effort. Yeah, but what you see was part of our original function.

Speaker 4  35:49
Mike, that's perfect. Could you do us a huge favor just start an email bulletin out just descriptions of these additional items that you know the scoping items that I think I was clarifying with many. Could you start itemizing those out? I think we want to come up with a super clear definition of landscaping, the water quality items that you're talking about, any trails, any curves that would be associated with the greater picture, not asking you to spend too much time on it. If you want to mind, just like throwing in a few descriptions, so I know how to tackle the conversation. It would be much appreciated,

Unknown Speaker  36:29
for sure. Thank you, Mike.

Unknown Speaker  36:38
That's all I have from you. Anything else, I

Unknown Speaker  36:45
can plan on signing that development agreement. I'm waiting for

Speaker 1  36:48
Steve, so hopefully, and I want to do it by May, but probably

Speaker 4  36:53
early June at this point. Okay, I'll review it. I just want, I want to make sure that we're, we're designing what we're committing to, and everything is lined. If you remind either James or you present your latest development

Speaker 1  37:06
agreement, I'm waiting for Steve to send it over. Oh, okay. Cool. All right. It was great to meet all of you. Thank you.

Speaker 4  37:26
You need, yeah. Mike, I think I just make a clean decision based on kind of everything that's going on, you know. Full transparency, Mike, and I did not realize that this other piece of the conversation around anything above and beyond what shown off drawings all work to clarify that I think this is an impact from our scope production items that we talked about that provide clarity to the rest of the dean and I'll update the scope production sheet the site will continue. We will, we will have a pervious gravel site, but Mike, what it sounds like to not complicate situations. We won't modify the reduction of OS three to accommodate that previous change, so we'll still design it to impervious requirements. Does that make sense, Mike? I think with all the conversations, what's going on with Steve and Mindy and Tommy to create a greater plan. I don't want to complicate it by this go production item, that's probably only going to save us a couple $10,000 or so, does that make sense? Totally makes sense. Yes, and I couldn't agree more. It kind of goes in with what we were saying yesterday about how we're not going to change the storm during Alex, any

Unknown Speaker  38:57
of that stuff. We're going to assume it's all impervious, so

Speaker 4  38:59
I'm right on board with what you're saying. Perfect. I just, I just caught on, then just repeated what you said yesterday, but just made a connection. Thank you, Mike. We'll come back to this. I think there's a lot unknown here. It sounds like there may also be some additional design requirements. I need that for the design awareness. We are only beholden. Mike, tell me if I'm saying something wrong. Currently, the way this deny needs to be executed, executed from a city and jurisdiction standpoint, we are only beholden right now to the IIA agreements, and we completed that with the site plan that we were just reviewing. However, this could change with Mason Del Sol, based on commitments in the development agreement. That's what I'm trying to chase down

Speaker 8  39:50
for everybody's awareness. I asked a question, and this has to do with the June 15 deliverable, and that's Mike too, but we were doing early grading, and we held off on that. Is the june 15 deadline that we're moving towards inclusive of that content as well? So the submission on that date based on saying is, is there no longer a like phase 1b and 1c and now it's kind of all combined at one time,

Speaker 4  40:29
there's there's still ways I think that it has changed, so there's still a civil site grant, there's still foundation plan, and then they're still building from it,

Speaker 7  40:39
yes, they didn't I

Speaker 8  40:46
guess I don't see the benefit of phasing the amount in the permit that you want it phased in construction, so we Time, so we have two drawing sets on june 15. We're submitting both drawing sets at the same time.

Speaker 4  41:17
Sorry again, so the foundation package we're holding off because we don't want to exercise the city knowing that changes are coming. I know you guys are proceeding in the background kind of occurring. We're proceeding with June 15 at Liverpool's and trying to get ahead of that to develop a scheduling and kind of plan to get leadership to buy into the only way we're going to be able to change the production requirements is if we go back and start designing at this point. That's going to impact the permit date. I'm going to work to shift that permit date, so we're not submitting something. The packages are looking towards right now designed to explore traction towards is one together scheduling time, that's what we're going to work on this morning,

Speaker 8  42:13
kind of the reason I ask is because you know we're four weeks from that date and depending on like how we're targeting that directly impacts how we form, how we draw it out. Let's circle that anyway. I don't, I don't want

Speaker 6  42:33
to go to larger stability, and I'll just say real quickly, Amanda Harris, Wednesday of architects, joined the call. Amanda, thanks for popping on. I think we've gotten open questions figured out for the time being, and

Speaker 9  42:50
nothing more for you and May to do, other than, you know, keep pushing on on the VE items. So appreciate it. Appreciate the last minute join. Thank you, Amanda. Okay, great. Did you have any debate to me about

Speaker 4  43:11
schools that I mean? Did that already happen? Already happened. Yeah,

Speaker 3  43:20
oligarchy is your ABM, yeah, sorry. Okay, well, yeah, let me know if there's anything I missed, but yeah, we will proceed with the be items, and nothing's being cut from the soft skate cracking trees and planting, that's all still

Unknown Speaker  43:41
the current direction hold of state,

Speaker 3  43:46
yeah, yeah, and I think, since a lot of the plantings are directly related to our DFT approval, my guess is that we won't be able to reduce the number of plantings,

Speaker 7  44:00
but again, correct, stay from state Are you giving me permission to hop off?

Unknown Speaker  44:09
That's good. Thanks, Amanda. Thanks, Amanda. All right. Thanks for being letting me know our thanks so much. Think

Unknown Speaker  44:26
complicated. I'm reviewing two sets now. I'm wondering,

Speaker 6  44:35
I wanted part of the conversation about why we made a decision.

Unknown Speaker  44:41
Okay, got it. okay.

Unknown Speaker  44:47
Courtney is stepping out. Did she say how long? She said just a few minutes. Yeah, Mark, I saw your email come

Speaker 9  44:54
through with your initial late calculations, and you probably could sort of steps through your findings. I scanned it, but I didn't manage. You want to bring in that way to adjust.

Speaker 9  45:13
So, in the email text, we'll do that before we get into attachments. So I started item two. It was I started 14, which is the reduction of the administrative space in the race frame overall. And then the question yesterday was, how do we shift the race frames out of the lab spaces by moving them east west? Yeah, I didn't provide the drawing, the little diagram of what this means, but we have like the drawing mark if we need to, but it's and so the table there is our take-offs, steel tonnage, joists, concrete rebar for shits and giggles, I guess that some unit costs, just like a number there, so anything in gray is way beyond what I should be doing, but it's like it's close enough.

Unknown Speaker  46:05
1.2 million had to move those brace frames to study the other option was to move the walls,

Ryan Hankins  46:20
so yeah, so basically you're saying it's a $1.2 million ad for steel, but we are saving 9 million by removing that building.

Speaker 9  46:29
Oh no, not that, or not even that part of it. Okay, join the meeting, and I'll share, I can share my screen while I'm joining, I'll circle back on this one. I'll join. I'll do the other parts if you want to bring that. So then the

Speaker 9  46:53
next ones I think are clear. SR 36.5 Yes, my numbers are on mortar. This was the removal of the MEP equipment from the top of the rough cup, putting everything in a brace that really just becomes an enclosure, and there's the reduction in tonnage, there 56 tons of steel, 25 tons of voice, and then we also see that the screen offers 25 extra tons, so it's good, it's like 100 tons, so John joined,

Unknown Speaker  48:02
I joined another

Unknown Speaker  48:20
I can't join, join

Unknown Speaker  48:31
deactivated

Speaker 7  48:38
Robin. Oh, Robin, gotcha. So,

Speaker 9  48:50
I think what was SR 14, cutting everything off, and so I didn't do this on the background for SR 14, but blue braces is there, and you can maybe from there you can see it's blue, though. I have a little bit of trouble, but the blue brace is where it's been moved to as a part of SR 14 within the space. And then the discussion yesterday was to move it east and west, so that was not within the CM dot space and the lab space. So there's this one, which is the grid line e, and then there's this one architectural background. So, essentially we're adding another brace frame, because now there's two in each of these locations that just one, and then we're adding this horizontal framing in the bay in front of it to get the load from the crane rail or the crane line to these new brain strain locations, so the complexity is all of this messy framing in this one bay, and then adding an extra racetrack associated foundation.

Ryan Hankins  49:59
So, just so I understand, is that are those beams going horizontally, and then we're basically having to, oh yeah, that is pretty messy. Yeah, it's really

Speaker 9  50:09
messy, right? So, yeah, we're putting in a big strut and then cutting the framing into a line with it. Oh, yeah, try to change all this framing from the white flange uses, because joists would be kind of useless in that section, so the knocks are, yeah, we take out a bunch of choice, put in steel framing, and then we put in these big diagonals that are awful,

Speaker 9  50:36
not exactly sure this was a kind of first stab at it, the other option would be to keep the steel beam going through, and then break up the diagonal. We would need to kind of jog you through that. The steel punish wouldn't change that much, keep telling. Not sure which way is better. I don't love this one, because it puts vertical load into those diagonal struts, and the other option, we can take it out,

Ryan Hankins  51:09
and then that becomes that, that's what this equals. Yeah, okay, yeah, I would say at least that we are not, we're not overestimating that value. Yeah, this, this is messy. Yeah, so that was that. Bring up the other one, reshare again. Thanks for doing that. Yeah, if you guys need that

Speaker 9  51:54
email marker, it is not one of the attachments I can send it if necessary, but yeah, that was just a working file for, yeah, okay, yeah, so sorry, we were going through this,

Speaker 9  52:17
so that one we were just covering was 14.1 so Courtney, this is the change of the brace frame locations in the lab, so whenever it refreshes, so moving the brace frame from here and shifting it into current wall locations, I want you to know, and so at least the 1.2 million a half we do the qualities right, so I should really wait until, but rough costing numbers

Ryan Hankins  52:49
65 and if you look at that, that I don't know if you heard that, but basically we're we're we're fitting beams in that diagonals, it's that's some pretty complex, dirty work to the team and

Unknown Speaker  53:05
help them understand the decisions that people make. We'll work to make a decision by end

Speaker 9  53:17
of this week, and then let's see, we talked about this one SR 36.5 which is the removal that might seem pretty reasonable. SR 29 reduction from 400 ton capacity to 300 ton capacity. This one, there's a little bit of a wiggle in this one, just because we had two numbers that were kind of found this, and we adjusted it, so the reduction steel found would be 135 pounds. We put a reduction in foundation quantities here, but

Speaker 9  53:58
2.5 tons rebar was like not very significant, but

Speaker 4  54:07
great. This is perfect. I think this coincides with the decision we're going to make tomorrow afternoon. If I can throw a price on it, I just.. I ended up callings to see what the material reduction would be with Bridge. crane, I was carrying the number 1.7 and Andrew, the guy every cone left at me, so that was a really generous. Yes, yeah, it's very generous. So this is great, I think.

Ryan Hankins  54:40
Do you want me to put up? Do you want us to put a price, like a formal price to it? Yes, please.

Speaker 9  54:50
Perfect. Okay. The other part, so I went way out over on the email. This was actually the first bullet point. So we did provide quantities from the 50% CD package, so full disclosure, this is taken out of our model, and next part we did a little bit of kind of behind the scenes adjustment to some bit, because there are some elements that weren't included in the round, like Kurtz and whatnot, we've added those in. If you look at, and I'll put that, other kind of things, so quantities are shown here, broken it up, so that there's gravity framing, there's also steel joists, and lateral, just in case there's a difference in joist cost per ton. The other thing is that in our table should match the format, which we previously submitted. We adjusted the connections were actually in the wrong place in the table. They are now moved further to the right, because they should actually fly also to the sewing steel and facade support steel, right? So all the connection values should apply to that,

Speaker 9  56:16
totals that we're 60, yeah, 6600 tons, 67 almost 100 tons. which is a little bit of an increase from

Speaker 9  56:30
the kind of changes that come about. I think there's been a little bit more coordination of the roof, roof screen framing to its inclusion. here. There's been a little bit of development of some of the horizontal trusses that are in the R&D space in the middle bay, so that steel went up just a little bit more or less. I think that's generally correct

Unknown Speaker  57:00
of what the big changes were, and then just overall general development quantity.

Speaker 9  57:08
You should read the notes. Here we're still carrying a couple of allowances, three PSF miscellaneous deal, and then we know what our five percents are for the connections,

Ryan Hankins  57:19
and the three PSFs not included in there. The three PSF is how we get to this column here. Gotcha, we

Unknown Speaker  57:27
just put that in as essentially how

Ryan Hankins  57:32
you guys had a bunch of allowances that we carried in our estimate from from 50% or from 100% DD, it was like MEP dunnage. There was 20 tons. There was the wind girts for the IMP facade, which it looks like you guys have here, but then there's also wind girts at the entrance canopy. There was 20 tons, and just wondering if, like, like hoist beam for the elevator, you know, yeah, overhead door. I'm wondering if all that's baked into here already, or if we still need to carry that on top.

Speaker 9  58:06
I think most of that, your answers will be in the notes down here. Okay, so we don't include mechanical doctrines yet. That should be held as an assumption. Oh, sorry, this was actually a ton of increase. We, since it's 50% CDs, we did include that the comments independent separate, so an additional breakdown, so that overall 100 increase comes from that.

Ryan Hankins  58:29
So that's in here, that is okay. That helps. That definitely helps. And then

Speaker 9  58:36
we see here the note about what we included for the sauce, I think. Things that smooth, I think it's mostly the mechanical design.

Ryan Hankins  58:51
Yeah, is Dave? Dave, are you on the line? Dave's on the line. Can you? Yeah, can you do an analysis for Eric and I today on this, but see, it's pretty. I think everything's there, but yeah, just doing analysis.

Speaker 3  59:06
Let's like, we need to write the estimate rate of steel, and then we can focus on all that. Sorry, join. Can we put that into join today? We can talk. I'll call you if you have any questions.

Speaker 9  59:21
So then we did include a Excel file, which I see something I've broken in it, so I'll fix this and resend it, but essentially it's where we are. The point here is that you guys kind of always ask for a breakdown of very helpful materials and whatnot, so this is the raw takeout. So, what you'll see here is that we have a little bit of an adjustment here. Current choice and curve cups are kind of separate from what comes out of our Revit model. So, Spotlight is our system for taking stuff out of Revit, so that's like just the Reddit stuff, and then it's summarized this, whatever is causing this to be wrong, and send it out again. Looks great. Thank you. I'm surprised

Ryan Hankins  1:00:25
you were able to do this in between 70 other things.

Ryan Hankins  1:00:40
I think what would be helpful is since we're removing the isolation, and once again, to give you guys another science project, I'm wondering if there's a way to quantify it, doesn't have to be exact, but like a quantification of like, hey, we think there's 50 tons there, yeah, everything, but like that'll just help with the delta. Sorry for giving you more after you just gave us a lot. Geomat

Ryan Hankins  1:01:15
is officially for the contract.

Speaker 7  1:01:20
Congrats, we should follow one

Unknown Speaker  1:01:41
thing we thought we could do this morning before we started

Speaker 4  1:02:01
talking about Shaw chart really quick before we move on, not to put pressure on the Clayco team,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:13
knowing the balls in for it right now.

Speaker 4  1:02:15
To just curious, when do you think we can have some of those numbers that will be incorporated to the presentation that I'm going to send off to leadership, probably by midday tomorrow. If it's impossible to get those numbers, I would say by midday tomorrow. I think that will, we're having a conversation that's emerging. I think, if we find that this production in bridge crane is only going to be a couple million dollars. I just look at the steel cost being the big driver, and that's like shy of a million, stop 900,000 If the material cost of the bridge crane only comes in shy of a million, which is about rolling down $1.8 million

Ryan Hankins  1:03:01
to go redesign everything to go redesign everything to have massive impact.

Speaker 4  1:03:06
That's a very.. I think that might be, you know, it's something, but if Jeremy's diffusion team is making that decision, having that number, I think will also help make that decision, along with what we'll discuss later on, is the scheduling tax associated with permitting, and then continuing to keep construction mobilized delivery date or delivery team, or I just want to give them the big picture, like, hey, let me wrap this up in the boat for you.

Speaker 3  1:03:47
I think for the steal and all that, Dave can jump on that, and if that sounds like tomorrow, it's not - we're not, we're not exit, you know, exercising any subcontractors. We may be calling for questions, but we're not like sending - we're keeping this all very internal, perfect. So we put all of the costs for all the other scope reductions into join as they are from this meeting we had last week, and some of these numbers still need to be absolutely validated. But for the steel, we'll have that tomorrow, so you'll have a really good picture if that is okay. And then we can target some of these other ones. I'll have Lulu go through and just make sure that she's feeling comfortable with what we're carrying and updated as well. And then maybe tomorrow morning we can go through join and just kind of walk through where we're at as members left.

Speaker 4  1:04:35
That's great. Yeah, now that I understand the process, I'll probably hold off. Then are we going to be, so we'll go through join, and then the process from there would be, I think, extract join numbers and make sure they're updated.

Speaker 3  1:04:52
Yes, my biggest concern is right now, we've got like three or four different documents with costs, right? We've got value engineering that we submitted, we have the value engineering that we did as a team, and scope reduction, and so I just trying to get them all in here, and I think it's really important that we spend the time to go through and make sure we're not double dipping on things like this is be, but it's also scope, like this is where it gets super muddy if we don't like, so the team's working on all of that while we are here, and then I think tomorrow we can all sit down

Speaker 4  1:05:22
and just kind of reconcile it, reconcile. That's, that's amazing. Yeah, I'd rather take, you know, an additional little bit of time to get, because basically what I'm doing right now is just simple math, yeah, for the sake of going quickly, but I prefer to take a little bit more time if we are reconciling this and join. Yes, you know, ultimately, like I'm looking at a $40 million cost reduction and taking the top end number all in, and I've just subtracted 40 million. So, if you have a better way to do,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:52
we would, we would like

Speaker 3  1:05:54
to do the math, yeah, yeah, you know. And there's still going to be ROMs, but there's going to be, they're going to be like a little bit of data that we might get, because we'll have some awesome steps and things, so yeah, but I've been struck to take a little bit that just let's do this internally, because I don't want, I don't want the sub market to know what we're doing with it, right, Apple, yeah, estimating services, yeah, no, it's looking really good. It changed as access to join, and I'll give you and Nick access to join as well, and you can get in there, and then we'll go through it tomorrow.

Speaker 2  1:06:29
Yeah, it's a good tool, and if you have a question about the number, I'll help you work with them.

Speaker 7  1:06:37
Yeah, okay, yeah. Thank you, guys.

Speaker 6  1:06:46
Great, yeah. So, again, just in the interest of completeness, take a couple of minutes at all. SR 11 is the 4540 door replacement knockout.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:59
Like to clarify for that knockout as a temporary assembly,

Speaker 8  1:07:07
are you looking for just tilt in that section, and then coordinate the rebar, or would it make sense to also do scatter and heat this if you just plan to break that out, it might be cheaper and easy to demo out at only three. So, there's a couple of ways we can approach that. I think none of that should impact it'll effectively look the same from the executing weird paintings.

Ryan Hankins  1:07:42
So, anyway I mean, mean you're not going to save as much as the 450 there, because we're gonna have to add the steel back in the reinforcement, and then we'll have to add in, but to your point, I think it's the right option on the great bean, right? Yeah, I mean, you'll, you'll def like, there'll be some give and take, and we'll, we'll go through that real quick, but I mean, to be honest, it's probably the right solution, having that,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:11
I think, the cold form with Office finish,

Ryan Hankins  1:08:14
we do that on data centers all the time, when, like, we need to infill, like, a future, you know, infrastructure hole

Unknown Speaker  1:08:21
part of me thinks this may never be built,

Speaker 8  1:08:25
which is why, if you know, like I'm gonna knock this out in like a year or two, it makes sense to go with that approach. If you're like, we're gonna sit on this 510 years while we're operating, then it's probably better to just put it as

Speaker 4  1:08:41
so I think we'll just make a decision at this table to say that we're not adding any provisions for the future door here. Beautiful, can you see that one more today? We won't add any provisions for a future for you. I believe the door, we're just going to completely eliminate that from the scope, and any modifications that need to happen 345, years down the road,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:03
we don't. In that case, we

Speaker 5  1:09:05
don't even need to provide the knockout. Nope, it's just for the

Unknown Speaker  1:09:09
tilt panel continuous. Okay,

Speaker 4  1:09:14
yeah, I haven't, based on some of the discussions I've had internally, I haven't seen a significant or critical use for that door,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:24
and just in terms of talking about this story.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:33
Great, thanks. Sorry, 13, the one that all the points was still concrete, I think that's understood

Speaker 8  1:09:51
if we need to identify against the implications of that in anything getting below slab, or if that's pretty well understood from PFS, if we

Speaker 4  1:10:02
scroll over, I think I updated this yesterday with water protein and soiling being

Unknown Speaker  1:10:22
we are providing

Unknown Speaker  1:10:28
this barrier below

Unknown Speaker  1:10:42
Interaction, what we were talking about yesterday,

Speaker 4  1:10:45
there were events, or let's just assume worst-case scenario, all too many gallons of di water, there's opportunity for that to saturate for the MAS lab and cause additional supplement issues, so I'll go ahead and update SR 13 with that risk item, and when you chat with Jeremy, we'll just communicate that out. My h is this is definitely the first go. We will probably several years down the road, once everything is up and landing,

Ryan Hankins  1:11:18
we'll find a rich cost effective solution for that dumb question. Does putting.. I've never done this before, but like, does putting sealed concrete down have an issue with applicating like epoxy in the future, or is it better to put it directly on Tony Bear's left? Fair anyway. anyway, so as long as they prep still, then should be fine.

Speaker 3  1:11:47
I would imagine you could call that out in the future for whatever the future application is. You would call out prep if needed for the fueling. Yeah, I've had epoxy coatings installed on the sealed concrete floor with I don't know

Ryan Hankins  1:12:03
exactly what cost, just a manufacturer's issue, and let them tell us what to a certain, maybe like water resistant,

Speaker 3  1:12:21
water resistant, or maybe I think it depends on the ceiling.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:25
Incidental water is not going to be an issue and let it sit and let it sit if it were exposed to moments of spraying per week. So I think seal does a lot, and it would be

Speaker 4  1:12:50
over slow. Yeah, no, that makes sense. I think it's. we're talking about significant events,

Speaker 8  1:13:01
honestly, with these high-performance codings, I mean, I know we're talking epoxy, but there's so many options, depending on what your process is, that it might, I think, it does make sense to defer it a little bit until you have a better understanding of the full picture, because then you could actually sit down with a Sherwin, or somebody who is a true expert on giving you the right product, because we may be, we did a cover all based on what we worked on in other facilities, but once you introduce all these other smaller components, they probably give you a much more dialing, better product than us just greatly guessing at this point. So, I think it makes sense to differently

Ryan Hankins  1:13:50
picture that's fair. Also, that helps with getting your team in earlier,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:02
I I

Unknown Speaker  1:14:06
didn't want to talk about SR 16, for a second, at a minimum, a warm shell. I think we all have an understanding of what this would look like. We could

Unknown Speaker  1:14:18
talk about tape and float the rocker, painted out, or the best.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:25
Let's talk it out, so you guys have a clear understanding. I think maybe a few of you were in the San Leandro office

Unknown Speaker  1:14:42
to okay, yeah, so you know we were still, I would say, outside of the bodies

Speaker 4  1:14:51
we ended up doing a light ti there when we moved in last year in March, but basically what we're looking for is something similar to that we would have amenities for a cat, we'd have amenities for refrigerators

Unknown Speaker  1:15:10
or dishwasher

Speaker 4  1:15:14
refrigerators, drink refrigerators for probably about 50 people, so if that space can only accommodate

Speaker 3  1:15:35
stall count will be very high score privilege, I think it's just based on square footage, and it occupancy type for our zoning. Yeah, so we, it

Unknown Speaker  1:15:49
all, it's just a calculation case. We're not going to try to shut 250,000 2000

Unknown Speaker  1:15:58
I'll create bathrooms that accommodate that. well, the bathrooms are also based on the overall,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:07
which we have to do. If the entire office is the building, but the bathrooms have to conquer. And then I think the PDF that we're reviewing yesterday

Unknown Speaker  1:16:15
has some of those orange shell bathrooms in there, and that

Speaker 3  1:16:21
was okay. Great, that was a little worried about having after that square footage continued at my bathroom, so it wasn't too bad. I think that we were doing like worst case. I'm sorry. Well, yeah, we,

Speaker 8  1:16:37
yeah, it was worst case. We'll dial in and we may be able to save like one or two fixtures to max, but the main driver of the bombing count is actually your R and D space, and that's even with reducing it from the footprint of your machine, so you know we did save some from the office side, but it didn't make out the majority of the what's driving fixture, so we'll settle in, and I think it might be worth not providing it as part of this deliverable workshop, just giving visibility to PF paid by CD implements with these core functions. Here's the remaining space, and here's how many desks you could fit into that space, because it could mean you're saying 50, but it could very well be like 35 or 40. So, just letting you know, like, hey, this is what it did with them as it make

Speaker 6  1:17:44
sense for your purposes, Courtney, if we identified a future location for minimal break area, provide floor drain, and provide water and power, but handle

Speaker 8  1:18:19
that space, so that might be 35,000 so I think that's the thing we would just want to know is like, what's the program that has to be in here?

Unknown Speaker  1:18:31
Yeah, the conversation that I have with

Speaker 7  1:18:41
Keith is fully detective. we

Speaker 4  1:18:45
can show future, so we identify the planning this model caps that you have with countertops and dishwashers and refrigerators could be day two, but we want what I would call the, they're not going to be on this out list, they're the electrical wipes that come down on the ceiling, just out of one side, that would be day one, electrical wipes, just on the floor plan, yeah, and and whatever is left, we can add the remainder with conference rooms, but I realize we're going to have to significantly compromise it.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:34
We're not going to be able to put both conference rooms in this space,

Speaker 4  1:19:38
the future facing plan, so we definitely need the board room, and I would say

Speaker 7  1:19:44
whatever's like, we would have a few small five, we'd have the board room,

Speaker 4  1:20:00
which would also probably get used as a board room, then we'd have a few small five to six person conference rooms.

Speaker 3  1:20:11
Sorry, I missed the last one. You said a couple, like one or two five to six person conference rooms.

Speaker 4  1:20:17
Yeah, if that's possible, five to six person, we will, we will bring in privacy thoughts very similar to what we did with San Leandro, so instead of having to try Waldman, that's a day two, though. Okay, so conference rooms are day one or day two. Conference rooms would be day one. Oh, board room is day one. Control room is day one. Any kind of facility infrastructure, like electrical room, that's day one. Cafe provisions, any large infrastructure provisions, like drain, anything that has come up in slab, would be dated, but the accessories. Yeah, I'm just.. I'm trying to think of ways to give you the latitude to use furniture solutions as much as possible, or really without building

Unknown Speaker  1:21:20
or not. so and it doesn't, and you're not blocked,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:34
super helpful,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:40
NMS will want to talk about your schedule, eliminate

Speaker 9  1:21:51
showcase missing. So we touched on this yesterday,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:55
we've already pushed forward on those design changes, so the

Speaker 8  1:22:10
security things except for the primary 19, so everywhere in the back of the house, the gates to remove other than just

Unknown Speaker  1:22:29
the mandate, just the mandate, but the sliding dates are down.

Speaker 3  1:22:50
I just, I think it might be worth it. Conversation also makes it also want to come to the final decision. The, we were kind of saying that that fencing along the perimeter was acting as an equipment buffer, because technically from Mesa Bell Soul, you're not to stop any equipment visible from the public right of way screening, and so we were saying, even though it's not solid, we were saying, well, it's going to do some visual screening of that, you know, it's up to 10 feet tall, so you're still going to be able to see it well at this point. They have, but we also have to show them a drawing that's like really explicitly showing

Speaker 8  1:23:39
we're still fighting with all the equipment is still buffering, so okay, so we're it's just closer in. Yeah, I mean, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:23:50
I just want to flag it, just in case they say something when it starts getting built. I don't think we want to get to the point where it's getting built, and they're like, what are you doing none of this is screened in any way

Speaker 4  1:24:06
as a concern to potentially run down before we, okay,

Speaker 8  1:24:18
32 and 33 are serial boards, so just to confirm, the three serial boards that you're going to be working are these three. I found pictures for you guys, which is much easier than,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:43
yeah, yeah, description. I realized I was needed to send that to you next time.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:16
Alrighty, here we go. Okay, so the first one starts from the very

Unknown Speaker  1:25:24
top here, so along the eastern

Speaker 6  1:25:30
wall of the lab and the R&D space, there are two doors, or do you want me

Speaker 1  1:25:39
to share my screen? Just so I can see what you're looking at. Let me share my screen. We'll talk for us.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:49
I can either send steps to you.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:59
Are you on the team? Oh, I'm

Speaker 3  1:26:05
wondering if this one's on the screen right now is not his team. Bill, would you? I'm so sorry. If you could go back to the teams call, then Courtney will share her screen. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:22
that's it. Oh, that's it. Yeah, Larry. All right, so I don't know if Rebecca's.. you want to maybe

Unknown Speaker  1:26:33
take some of these. Yeah, let me give them their analysis. So I imagine I imagine,

Speaker 8  1:26:44
do you want future accommodation, or is it just no future accommodation?

Speaker 4  1:26:51
And Ryan, these are things that probably mayors like to capture as well. I added them last minute over the course of the food day, a few days, and party has some resources, just, but yeah, we're basically limiting exterior colors, all of them, no, just the ones I'll go through the two with axis is on the eastern face, so the paper does Let me know in the document you had.

Speaker 3  1:27:25
Yeah, I thought that in that it's removing those doors, and any.. there's no consideration. Any pictures of information

Speaker 4  1:27:35
over by the cub, next to the tanks, there's a roll-up door, I

Speaker 4  1:27:56
Adjacent wall in between, so Erica, just to get you up to speed, there are a few last-minute items with door elimination that team is documenting right now. I'll just go back to the top here really quick. We're eliminating two rollout doors on the back side of the boat, and then one by the cub next to the tanks. Okay, then we have these two interior personnel doors that go into the central utility building. We'll eliminate those.

Speaker 8  1:28:33
One of them has already been eliminated, but the one on the right, I think, is still in step two

Unknown Speaker  1:28:46
inside the IMG service area.

Ryan Hankins  1:28:54
Where's this?

Ryan Hankins  1:29:02
Oh Oh, gotcha. I know. Okay, yeah. How do you access that back room? Then there's going to be a

Unknown Speaker  1:29:18
connection between. well, there's a door right there that's being

Speaker 4  1:29:23
storage, got it. So we'll put that door here. Obviously, we'll need

Ryan Hankins  1:29:29
to update, man. Those is that door over there on the left makes that overhead door look huge. Yeah, okay, gotcha. All right, 30.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:42
feet, 40

Speaker 4  1:29:45
feet, and this is pretty interesting. This one might be radical, but we would be removing this wall and roll it doors. This is the wall between the RFP space and the IMG service area, so we've added it onto the list, and we're going to remove the ball and the doors associated with this, and if we have to add it at a future date,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:09
so the RMD between the IMG service and the RMD,

Speaker 4  1:30:15
I would say this column line here, we would eliminate any drywall steels and ceilings. Seals is

Unknown Speaker  1:30:28
this a document you can send to me?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:32
Yes, absolutely. I think Dominic is running.

Speaker 3  1:30:39
We put these on the SR log as items we have. Okay, it's all one item. It's all one item. It just has multiple perfect presents. Okay, that's fine, as long as I can tell Lulu tied this to these.

Speaker 4  1:30:56
Okay, let me show you where those are. I was on it. It is 232

Ryan Hankins  1:31:13
I was wondering what those were, and I saw values there, and I was just like, how did she get these values? But okay, this, this makes sense. I love it. I love it. I didn't see any red flags, so I just kind of let them go. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:35
Eric has Panama, even though she doesn't know it. Slowly being mentored, I

Unknown Speaker  1:31:47
I think those are the architecture only issues that we just wanted. Where did you,

Speaker 8  1:32:02
it's really just removed wall on IMP service along with mine circle, so

Speaker 3  1:32:12
that entire piece of wall you're showing that 2x of those two doors, but you're saying the entire

Speaker 8  1:32:18
piece of wall is being this entire wall, yep,

Ryan Hankins  1:32:24
so then all of that RFP is just open. So did Courtney's estimating service also do the four ties between the pieces of gear? Okay, I was also wondering about that. I didn't see a huge issue there, but yeah, I was like, I was like, Where did these numbers come from? I bet you can guess how I got the numbers. Gemini, it's not Harvest Piece

Ryan Hankins  1:33:02
here. you could probably bump that to probably half money. I'm

Speaker 4  1:33:09
happy to right now, if you'd like me to. Yeah, intentionally wanted to go low, so anything that it was seen on Gemini, I think I cut it in half,

Ryan Hankins  1:33:19
so as not to soil for these estimates. Yeah, I talked to Cowboy about that a couple weeks back, because I was like, what is what are those these terms?

Speaker 6  1:33:45
so Courtney, one thing I wanted to touch on about my sort of submitted earlier, but right now we have direction to put forward changes to the 615 permanent days, our team is really starting to get tugged in different directions, and I just want to let you know, if we don't have the pencils down direction by the end of this week, we're going to have to

Unknown Speaker  1:34:16
commit to that 615 days and table implementing these changes because we're running out of one way, that's our contractual obligation.

Speaker 4  1:34:31
We'll just have to understand, understood. Yeah, I think that's great. These are conversations that we keep interest during that we appreciate that the presentation. Once we kind of write ourselves on these numbers and bundle them up in a very clear, concise understanding of how to make this confusion in the team being to move forward, so understood. I'll work to get that out too. I'll just work to get that out in time. I just want to make sure articulated that

Speaker 4  1:35:17
I also have a conversation to talk about scenarios. How we do move forward.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:26
Yeah, what's to be expected?

Speaker 4  1:35:35
I do. So the only item that I have outside of scope production, and we have a really clear understanding of the items on this, and how to quantify it. I'm working the background, so you can put a bow on it, and make it super clear and concise for those that need to help make a decision. The thing that I could use the team's help with, and you can do it now, or we can do it later, depending on other folks' needs for this conversation, I want to take the existing schedule that I have. I have everything, what I call a horse race chart. It's a visual way to identify it's, you know, it's not Smart Sheets, it's not projects, but it's a very clear way to understand the overall schedule of a project in like a very short period of time, right. So, when I only have just a few minutes to chat with Mindy and Keith and anybody else that barely has any time, this is how I show them how we're moving forward with the project and all the essential swim lanes that tie to one another, right. So, broken up in site control development agreements. What I'd like to do is, for scenario one and scenario two, I want to get an understand this is our baseline, right? This is what we're currently working off of there with the red lines, but we're, we're here. I want to focus on design and permitting. Create a high-level timeline of how scenario one scoping items is going to change schedule dates, procurement dates, and and then we move on to procurement construction. Understand, basically, when can we get the delivery team, and there's really just some high-level things I want to emphasize as part of the message, and I'd like to do that with all of you. This is the baseline. This is option one again. Erica, now that we're reconciling this and join the numbers that you see at the top are going to come from what you're pulling together. These are just my wax. Option two, again, we haven't received Clayco's pricing, but option two with the TAE system decreasing the bridge crane to 300 tons, and there was one other item, the construction type, if we can, and we'll have that conversation today, if we can go back to type 2b that's about a $3.3 million reduction, right? So we're really looking at the, we're really looking at about 51 million ish dollars without Plato's blessing for scenario two. So the online cost there is about 270 right, and that's part of the message back

Speaker 8  1:38:41
to scenario two or scenario one, so scenario two,

Ryan Hankins  1:38:48
which scenario two means like big redesign, yeah, it's like

Speaker 4  1:38:54
all the schedule impacts, permitting impacts, significant permitting impacts, and likely substantial completion to phase one in pass, so the spreadsheet that we're all in. What I'm doing right now is I'm just kind of carrying two numbers. Everything that's been approved for scenario one would reduce, reduce our overall cost by about 42 million. Right, there's a few lingering items that we are likely to get approved in scenario two, like I left off this settlement item being that we need to have that discussion, right, but

Ryan Hankins  1:39:39
I Be, oh yeah, don't look at this yesterday. It looks a little bit higher than what I was saying yesterday, but I can go ahead and we'll go ahead and look at it. Yeah,

Speaker 4  1:39:58
there's the numbers that are being carried in the spreadsheet, so I would say at this point, like, let's just talk process and how I'm pulling the high-level information together, and it's reconciled over the next couple of days, but that you know the reality is we're really only looking at about an additional $10 million with the outstanding items that will likely get approved for scenario two that does not meet the cross target that Nick and I need to meet, so that's part of

Speaker 4  1:40:33
the message. Anyway, we can move past that. I just wanted to make that abundantly clear with the group, unless I feel like we've dug pretty deep into the program itself. Does that mean.. oh, I'm sorry, Ryan. No, go ahead. I was going to say, does that mean

Unknown Speaker  1:40:52
that there's a scenario too that undertakes additional design changes to find additional cost

Speaker 4  1:41:04
savings. Yeah, scenario two, the biggest design change is a three year temperature

Speaker 6  1:41:10
and a type two fee, but that's that's what's getting us to the 51 and a half million right now.

Speaker 4  1:41:19
There's an owner-furnished, owner-installed piece of equipment. Actually, this Clayco installed piece of equipment is the roadside energy storage system. If we reverted back to our original proposal, which discharges energy at 22 seconds, as opposed to 15 seconds, it saves us about your care and yeah. But that's just, yeah,

Ryan Hankins  1:41:50
because I think from Bill, what you're saying is because I also am trying to wrangle through this as well, is that phase two or stereo two? I still don't think that hits your 200 million, and so it doesn't, and so I think Bill, you're asking, is that going further into redesign to figure out how we take another 1015, 2015,

Speaker 4  1:42:11
20 million? That's what I can't answer. You know, we've been given a cost target, and without compromising, I can't make decisions on compromising the program, the operations program, I can't make those decisions, so this is also my way of communicating out to the team that you know, based on the feedback that we've been given for facility integration in the program, along with stripping out as much as we can from building code and the facility side, we, you know, unless you have some sweetheart deals with some subcontractors that are willing to take a hit on their profit, right? Or if there's,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:57
yeah, I don't know if there's any savings there,

Ryan Hankins  1:43:00
but what I'll say is so that this scenario one and two makes sense. I think I have line of sight to that. I think scenario one, if Bill can help me understand what that design timeline looks like, then I can go put together a revised schedule, and then if there's any early procurement opportunities with that design change, or if we're going to wait until the very end of your design, I guess that's all with what your guys' schedule looks like. That'll help us with putting our construction schedule together, and what break ground really looks like. The other option, it sounds like it's probably a bigger effort, and you don't necessarily know exactly what that looks like yet, but maybe we put a placeholder for what design looks like. Yeah, so

Speaker 4  1:43:47
the intention today in this work session is to move. I'm all for doing more detailed exercises that will take more time, but today what I'd really like us to do is get a sense for design impacts, big storm scenario one, scenario two, throw conservative numbers at it, and we'll dial it in, and then work methods about your construction milestones, and just update this chart, all the details, we can definitely do that in the background. I would say after Thursday in this meeting, and I wanted to talk through that with you guys.

Speaker 6  1:44:30
So, a couple of things: one is the audit of the scenario one changes our structural steel refinements and foundation and redesign,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:45
so Mark's design efforts are going to be a major driver in the time it'll take us to implement the other piece is

Speaker 9  1:44:55
we would need a commitment from you guys at Pacific Fusion that

Speaker 6  1:45:02
but then like a couple of weeks, we could have a floor plan locked in terms of brace frames, where brace frames are landed, and then select the rest of the floor plan up, but not the RND

Unknown Speaker  1:45:17
space, which located the electrical room, the control room fire riser location have to coordinate that with Susie and BHI, but

Speaker 9  1:45:32
we'll need commitments on the locations of those like we can't change, and then we can I'm going to ballpark in

Unknown Speaker  1:45:40
elevation in elevations, not as concerned about those. I didn't get there quickly, including that two weeks

Speaker 9  1:45:59
foundation. Well, I was going to ask that question, so it sounds like that would be the strategy to target an early foundation package, although not as early as the first one. But sure, yeah, a separate foundation package, because then you're essentially doing the foundation package in that we just had eight weeks, which seems to make sense to me, and then four ish weeks later, and something like that, which is the same type of we have now, which are important for

Speaker 6  1:46:32
two infrastructure, and that minimizes or mitigates the risk of construction operations being impacted after you guys have started

Unknown Speaker  1:46:58
that I'm not seeing necessarily building permanent, I know everything's critical fast, but as long as ClickFun

Unknown Speaker  1:47:09
gets started and keep working, and we build a permanent submission package into a schedule that works with your construction schedule,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:18
we have the informal commitment to the city review turnaround times, all the things that will speed up getting that permit

Speaker 6  1:47:28
ready for issue. I don't know that it does a lot of violence to your kind of macro schedule

Speaker 4  1:47:39
to work through, I think. Yeah, no, I think I think it's likely going to.. I agree, we're not going to push break grounds, so that doesn't shift. We will push permanent schedule out. It will, it will impact your ability to stay mobilized, likely. But I think the big question I want to answer today is, how much do we think that's going to impact things off the tail end with getting delivery team in to start building that water tank and being substantially improved. I think those are the two things that I would need from you guys. That's fair. Yeah, and then I would just need, and I'm happy to kind of like, if we want to think about this for an hour, and then kind of come back and actually make the adjustments on the slide. Happy to do that if you want to kind of think about it.

Ryan Hankins  1:48:38
I think, I think from my side, like the two things I really need are like what the overall duration of what this design looks like, and then what an early package looks like for foundations, mill order, and other early procurement. Yeah, let's jump through that, right? If we, if I get that, then it's pretty easy for you to put together

Speaker 6  1:49:01
revised schedule, take the liberty of speaking for Mark, and he can correct me, but I would think conceptually, in terms of what the early foundation package looks like, it's pretty similar to the early foundation package that we've already issued. It's just going to have to be there's a bunch of new calculations, I'm just going to say we're going to revisit reinforcement in certain areas and slot thicknesses in certain areas, and there's a lot of sub grade utilities that are the trenches are going away and cool down pits and those complications, so I think that's what you can expect to see.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:53
I don't want to make commitments right now on how quickly we can issue that. I do want us to put a number to it,

Speaker 4  1:50:01
I do want us to talk through, and it can be arranged if we're more comfortable saying it could be as good as three weeks, and honestly, once we get into it, it could actually take six weeks,

Speaker 6  1:50:19
so I think the, for example, the Bracegram locations are going to drive some competitions, so

Unknown Speaker  1:50:29
that's part of that commitment, so we're going to have that in the two weeks, have that stuff pop down, I'll

Speaker 4  1:50:37
put it, so I'll put a quick let's start with Pacific Fusion providing guidance on all inputs, so if we need that, so yeah, I think that's a great point, so you get that by let's say next Friday, I want to stay realistic with how we're wrapping this message up and giving Keith time to help us make a decision, let's say that design direction is given no later than Friday, and from there on the moment it comes on to that Friday date. If you're not getting things on that Friday, that would be the time frame that we were presenting. Perfect. So next Friday is, we're going to call this so design I

Unknown Speaker  1:51:53
Decisions on school production, we're going to call that meeting and Eight,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:04
so from there, let's assume Mark has everything to use there. Early foundation package could be as early

Speaker 7  1:52:19
as and as late as Mark,

Speaker 9  1:52:31
actually trying to figure it here myself. I'm kind of sticking to what you said, though, because I see it's like we get notification two weeks for background freeze, two weeks for internal making sure that we've got the information, about four weeks for us, so it's the same duration that eight weeks from to get to that early thought for that early foundation package, and that is I was known about July 25

Unknown Speaker  1:53:02
July nice

Ryan Hankins  1:53:06
birthday present for me one

Unknown Speaker  1:53:21
week for this first one, and two weeks for the next. We need to think about that

Unknown Speaker  1:53:29
shouldn't impact delivery or growth. Sure, yeah, we can do that moving forward. There's time in there for yet when you

Speaker 7  1:53:41
comment, I I

Speaker 4  1:53:51
would add a week, because I'm assuming Mark, we would go back to submitting basically another 50% or wouldn't you submit? Would we just work to submit a 90% I would see if you get

Speaker 9  1:54:16
the foundation package, would be the same level of development that we have the difference between it is that for foundation, sorry, on our side, the difference between it is that for foundation permit, we don't need to worry steel connections and steel bottle, we just need to make sure the number sizes of that, so that seems to line more than 50% set, and then the 90% satellite true building permit submission, where we have all of the connections detailed. Yeah, we would still have a carry on for mill owner,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:58
and I would hate to

Ryan Hankins  1:55:01
conceptually guess what you think that no longer would be conceptually perfect.

Speaker 4  1:55:09
I do think certain communities would be the 50% I mean we're making significant enough changes before we even send that to the city. We want to review it once. I would literally put in days, not a whole week, but like three days for us to review, but if we want to put in a full week just for today's discussion, that's fine.

Speaker 3  1:55:31
Yeah, it's like you guys review it, but then our team needs time to pick up things that are critical before it gets put in, so like probably one week for you and one week for us, and hopefully, if you guys take only three days, then we get a couple extra days. I would say two weeks seems reasonable. What do you think, though?

Unknown Speaker  1:55:50
The package, specifically foundation only,

Speaker 4  1:55:54
yeah, early foundation package. We're basically looking at end of July, and that's going to be much of a review on the PSI, and there's no operational impact. We would basically be checking just to make sure that the Bible pits went away, and the foundations for the admin is going to be a super quick review, and hopefully quick for us correspondingly. I mean, those pencils are going to go down while you're reviewed, that's

Speaker 8  1:56:23
a piece of it, I think, is that the party, and that's cats, and that was that. We were, I was just reviewing, and I think your team had a 35 drawings that said 46 inches, whatever the reason

Unknown Speaker  1:56:44
we want to, we want to be misunderstandings. That's one piece that they want to really connect on.

Speaker 3  1:56:53
Well, I think we can get the sleeve, or that's what I think, is that they put in 46 inches, so that there's a sleeve that would allow for if anything

Speaker 8  1:57:01
needs rolled out into the field.

Speaker 4  1:57:02
we have our structural meetings set up, so the zones after full piece, everything else should be French, because trash. Okay, yeah. So that's fair. Let's assume that PF needs one week to review.

Speaker 8  1:57:33
My design team gets a week to take up,

Speaker 4  1:57:42
yeah, so we're looking at early foundation package measures, and I don't want to say anything.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:51
Well, I want to revisit someone knows Mark was July 20, for just kind of

Speaker 9  1:58:02
the roads you can see submitting a probate foundation, so

Unknown Speaker  1:58:17
PDF review and comment are R on the pickup period with respect

Speaker 7  1:58:29
to the which one,

Speaker 9  1:58:34
which one's the, so I've been building on our schedule right here, and it's really hard to see, so I think that's what we've kind of been talking about. Yep, notification.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:56
Sorry, some of these are Saturdays, that's weird. Two weeks for background series, I put in two weeks for

Unknown Speaker  1:59:06
fantastic four weeks for foundation permits. That was shifted to a Monday

Unknown Speaker  1:59:19
foundation again, apologize if I'm sharing things,

Speaker 3  1:59:28
but I think just based on the conversation we were just having for the early foundation, there would also then after that we would have you at half three or four weeks, then there would be a week for PF review, and one week for us to pick up comment,

Speaker 9  1:59:45
let me keep going, just so there's some adjustments there, and then four weeks later, which is kind of the same delta we had before, was building permit or superstructure, which would be the end of August, and then me had said two weeks after that we could do a fully connected design, full connection design, most of that for 90% but maybe two weeks to pick up, and I'm getting to the heart of the item below, so that's like September, but if you looked at the Len Steel procurement parts, preliminary mill order would be right after foundation permit, you go in and use that set for your start of subcontractors, so that would be when he said, I think you need 42 days. Sorry, my durations are in just that at some point. It's just the way the spreadsheet was set up, so subcontractor award that ends up being right about the time that we're providing the final connection details, so it's like stars are kind of aligning, and so you'd be able to then go in for a final bill, or give a week afterwards, but that'd be a week after you got that up, anyway, so like the steel procurement and permitting are really starting all those issuances are starting to line up.

Ryan Hankins  2:01:25
Just, just to clarify, so our award date of the 10th, you're issuing our award date to the sub line 102 both connection design, that's 911 so it's technically one day later. Yeah, could we expect minimal changes?

Speaker 9  2:01:43
Yeah, you'll have most of it at the building permit. Okay, I think we will be buying it a little bit of

Ryan Hankins  2:01:53
the trust management, just from a cost standpoint, but just to make sure

Speaker 9  2:01:57
we'll have concepts in there for all those detailed permit, but some of the things I think for the trust makes sense, so I'm sure there's a little bit of this seems like it lined up quite well,

Speaker 9  2:02:21
so then Rebecca, yes, we need to add a

Unknown Speaker  2:02:27
two week review period after, yeah, like one week review, one week pick up, so yeah, two week period, okay, and then the same one after

Speaker 3  2:02:34
pulling, but these are before we submit, these are before submission, so there'd be

Speaker 9  2:02:41
like a preliminary date added, and then two week period.

Speaker 3  2:02:45
I'm wondering if the, if the 90% building is a slightly beefier review period. I don't know, I think I would guess we would want to leave like three weeks total in that. No, oh no,

Unknown Speaker  2:02:57
actually, well, it depends on how much time you guys need, but it'll only take

Unknown Speaker  2:03:01
us a week. You'll still keep it to the one week, okay? Let's keep it to the one week, okay? So, I think, as a placeholder, yeah, let's put two weeks from there to

Ryan Hankins  2:03:15
confirm this is only scenario one, okay? Just to clarify, this is

Speaker 5  2:03:31
hard too, so we're at 916 right, for

Ryan Hankins  2:03:35
a final no order, or 917 that's when we issue the final no order,

Speaker 4  2:03:40
but the preliminary one is the important one in the field that's going to be for the R and D seal.

Ryan Hankins  2:03:49
Well, so what we're saying is that on 917 that'd be the first day that we actually are securing the mill order, so locking in a schedule on that day.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:00
Previously we're looking at june 16, right? It wasn't that the

Ryan Hankins  2:04:03
july 1, july 1. Okay, so it's roughly three and a half months

Ryan Hankins  2:04:13
granted.

Ryan Hankins  2:04:19
That's yeah, but at this point we're tracking one mill order

Unknown Speaker  2:04:42
I and

Ryan Hankins  2:04:47
the part that makes this super difficult to tell you, are you looking at it? Yeah, I'm looking at the same thing, like it's closed schedule. Yes, it's closed through basically september 1, and we're currently four months out from that. First, we'll call it, and the mill order roll schedule is closed, so you can't even get into a September date or an August date.

Speaker 4  2:05:18
Sorry, so even though we would have, I see. Okay, so even though if we place the order on july 1, we would not have made it for September, correct? Would be pushed to

Ryan Hankins  2:05:30
whenever the next available opening is, and they don't even have a public ship. It's.. it's.. I think I issued a schedule. I think it was like 14 weeks for some of those larger items. This is the

Unknown Speaker  2:05:44
thing that we have to help keep members market, so I just want to spend a little bit of time on this, so we

Speaker 4  2:05:54
deeply understand it. So, July 1, we were going to miss September anyway. Yes, we'll make an assumption that 14 weeks is

Ryan Hankins  2:06:06
three and a half months. Well, if we're, if we're missing this right now, we should assume that on in three months from now, or what's September two and a half months, we're probably missing the next, we're probably, we're probably 28 weeks out, because if we're missing now, we're going to miss the next one, and then when we get to that two and a half month time frame, we're probably going to miss that next one,

Unknown Speaker  2:06:42
so are you saying from now or from the july 1?

Ryan Hankins  2:06:45
july 1. Okay, yeah. So, two and a half months, that's right. September

Speaker 4  2:06:54
figuring at baseline, so September is closed, even if we would have,

Ryan Hankins  2:06:59
even if today we were ready to buy it, would be closed. We gotcha. Okay,

Speaker 4  2:07:11
do you think what's your hunch? Do you think so? September, October, November, December, we're looking at January. The next roll schedule, 14 weeks later, it was January, right? If we waited to place that order in July, baseline today didn't change anything. Do you think we would be January, or what do you see in the market? I guess

Ryan Hankins  2:07:35
I mean, like, I'm I'm typically an optimist, but I'm a pretty big pessimist right now on the steel. I mean, just with everything, I mean, you guys are seeing all these projects too. I mean, it's just nuts. The thing is, is that if we get into like a January roll schedule, we're looking at probably 12 to 16 weeks to get steel onsite, so we're now looking at March, April, at, we'll call it like the minimum, and that's if we get into January. I am scared that we're not going to make it into January, like as I was scared we're not going to make it in September. I'm now just as scared we're not going to make it into January, which then pushes that even further into the middle of next year when we get steel inside

Ryan Hankins  2:08:31
leadership. It's my number one. What I have is like Keith, Keith's gonna say, what's my other option. Well, we have all the options. I've already put that in a list of like all the shapes that we have on this project, and what shapes are specific to Nucor. What shapes I've already sent that to Mark and the team. Which ones are specific to SDI, which is Steel Dynamics. And then there's another one, but they don't do any of the larger shapes, so that's not going to help us. The only other option you can do, and I don't even want to suggest it, because it's a bad idea, and I think you'll probably agree, is going overseas, but it's just, it's just a bad idea, it's everything. Maybe have you ever done that before. Yeah, we have issues with concern about, like, Chinese steel. Yeah, they use different grade of steel. They use different, like, you probably have to up your members if we go to Chinese steel, Korean steel, and plus they're not super dependable right now, just because of the market, so we highly recommend staying with US-based steel. That say that right? Is

Speaker 9  2:09:58
that European steel, like new core that Europeans do like the big, no, they're all, yeah,

Ryan Hankins  2:10:18
we couldn't, yeah. it's still not ideal, but yeah,

Speaker 4  2:10:34
yeah, all of that I can, I can spend time and understand that I want to focus on building this out, so anybody that does not have any prior knowledge and experience can look at this and say, oh, I've got to clean this up. There's a lot of things I just need to take out, like I just shook out the stuff, but basically, what we're saying, September is closed, January is january 15 is the next date, and then steel will show up. We're talking baseline right now, we miss September, January is the next date, steel wouldn't show

Ryan Hankins  2:11:19
up until 12 to 16 weeks, depending on fab timeline. Steel shows

Speaker 4  2:11:31
January, February, March, April, so mid-Aprils to show up as of now that we're looking at,

Ryan Hankins  2:11:41
or that we're no.. well, yeah. As of, as of right now. Yes, like sitting here in this room, yeah. It's probably not until April.

Speaker 4  2:11:50
So the delivery team.. there's no way, no.. like with the way things are going right now is something we can see in case journey. There is no way you guys are going to report with

Ryan Hankins  2:12:07
our baseline, and I mean it's a, we'll call it six, we'll call it four to six weeks for steel install, we'll call it, you know, pre-loading, I think we probably have a month of activities to do with that, and then we have the potential fire proofing, which is probably an additional four to six weeks. Yeah, is there any opportunity to do Chris? I know you're on the phone, but like, tell me if I'm speaking out of turn, but I think it's tracking two questions,

Speaker 9  2:12:53
maybe I should ask my question, so when I was showing that schedule, I was starting the steel subcontractor procurement based on the updated foundation for mental drawings, so getting the drawings the same level we're at now with a different plan, so that's like two months from today, and then that drives nowhere, so I guess one of the questions, they look at the schedule, is there a way to cut out that two minute gap, so we'll hit another obstacle later. But first obstacle, I

Ryan Hankins  2:13:33
mean, we get 10 to go with hit the street right now and start our procurement process. They're just once they get the updated drawings, it's going to be another two to three week effort on top of that, so we could technically, that's something I've been working on in the background, is trying to figure out, like, when I can go start the process to get ahead of it, but that doesn't help, that all that would do is help us secure, hopefully getting into January, which is what I think our goal is, and then the other,

Speaker 9  2:14:02
the other part that we've been kind of holding, that kind of sets some of the mill order issuance is waiting until we have like final design, final connected everything for that. I know there's risk involved with that, but is there a way that we can do earlier mill order accepting some risk of a, you know, there's a few sides of the ground, pretty sure about where the mold comes up a little bit,

Speaker 7  2:14:32
so what that risk is, I

Ryan Hankins  2:14:45
I mean, getting in line is the most important thing, so if we're bumping sizes up, granted, that's not great from a cost standpoint, but if it gets us an order that we're confident

Speaker 9  2:14:57
with, then, right, yeah, it's like the schedule versus cost, right, we've been talking a lot about cost, but now it seems that the schedule is kind of cost, so just because you might not like to hear this, but the schedule impact might be worth a little bit of cost in some steel, I think it's something to consider if there is an opportunity where we can say, hey, we can get this mill order by, we can even get a mill order at this date, we can discuss with those opportunities, I'm

Speaker 4  2:15:39
with you, just so let me know if I'm missing something. If we go back to scenario, so scenario one, if we're getting an early presentation package, let me, let me take a step back. Okay, so I think we just, we've determined when we can submit for the early generation package, I'm holding a date on

Unknown Speaker  2:16:05
December right

Speaker 4  2:16:10
building permit, which is tied to this milk order building permit. When, when can we get to the 50% CDs, which is when you can make 50% CDs scenario one, which is the first opportunity to make a mill order for the RNA.

Speaker 7  2:16:34
Still very true. 50%

Speaker 9  2:16:40
CD. So I'm sorry, I'm also reading what you have up there over your shoulder. Early foundation package, 50% CE, 90% CE, at eight seven degree, and that's when we'd start the middle order for the recruitment, and then we were tracking for building permit, which would be we would issue, we would do the pooling package four weeks later, and then how much review time

Speaker 7  2:17:14
would be a fair game. Okay, so we would get rid of our internal processes that becomes late 918 18,

Speaker 3  2:17:28
can I just ask a question back to the eight seven date back for eight seven we're saying that that's our early foundation submittal date to the city or submittal to PF, and we upload to the city on the following Monday, and then, or if it's that day, then doesn't matter, then we move back to submit to PF Monday, and then we're also going to be submitting our, our 50% CDs on that same date, or we're going to defer that to development after

Speaker 4  2:17:59
we're so much time to do that, and that's a discussion, I think, between Mark and Paige. Yeah, so you, the architectural team, the entire design team, overseeing PF decision inputs that are going to drive the building permit package, so as a team, right, and I know we're doing this outside of Susie,

Speaker 6  2:18:25
but her biggest lift, while these changes is already underway. Yeah, and frankly, she needed about three more weeks anyway, so this will all think be it'll wash them, so

Unknown Speaker  2:18:54
think we've got 50% 90% floating around, and kind of being maybe using the issue, so Mark, your early foundation package equals 50% CD.

Speaker 9  2:19:09
I think the team needs to go back and re-update 50% CD, bring that back to where we were, and catch that up to the right design, and then go to 90% not try to pick everything up and go directly to 90% So

Unknown Speaker  2:19:27
now, in terms of PF review foundation practice, before just the city

Unknown Speaker  2:19:35
will have to break out a review period that's collectively no more than a week, so that you guys get to a desk review, you guys can turn comments, and that needs to happen, so that's right, the eight seven is the week of the july

Unknown Speaker  2:19:54
6, something like that

Speaker 3  2:19:59
with what I with what I was understanding, and maybe this is incorrect, but if we're submitting to the city on the seventh, then the previous two weeks before that is when we would need to submit to Pacific Fusion Review, so they have a week of review and we have one week over. It doesn't, I know that this is not under a high level thing, it's just me trying to understand. Good question, Rebecca. We're treating day seven as 50% CVS review of the whole building package

Speaker 4  2:20:41
back in the hot seat. Yes. Okay, so eight seven is the earliest that you can submit a world order. We're still by that time. Do we think that we're going to have to next roll the dates open, and where you can actually enter that order in January? So, pardon me

Ryan Hankins  2:21:00
wonders, like, hey, I would think so, that we would have the next rule date when they issue it.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:09
Sorry, it's not actually the first date that they can issue

Ryan Hankins  2:21:19
correct, but hold on, let me look back at your grades. So, if we bid on 729 yeah, eight seven, yeah, that's going to be tough. But what we could do is start the bid process earlier, and then update, and we're still talking three weeks, then, so three weeks instead of six weeks, we'll call it, and we're talking, we're talking, then 727 plus three weeks, so that's middle of middle of August when we would, so we're probably about a week or two off of what you were shown. Great, so let's see. Now that would be the final, because you don't issue your 90% until 827 So, is that - am I allowed to issue the final mill order? Is that just R and D, or are you even comfortable saying that's just R

Speaker 9  2:22:35
and D, or connection model?

Ryan Hankins  2:22:42
so we'll have the set on 820 That's the final. Yes, so it ends up being the same, Courtney, but we have much higher profits. Well, no. So, from what we were talking about earlier, basically we're saying that, like, even if I was ready to submit on the 15th or the 20th, that's when he's going to get me his final mill order set, saying, 'Hey, I'm confident everything's ready to go, and I'll need three weeks to get updated pricing to get you guys to approve it, to get it incorporated into our contract, and then getting the, you know, the subcontract out, and getting them to order the extra steel,

Speaker 4  2:23:35
so august 7 is when you get the information, maybe three weeks, 1420-first,

Ryan Hankins  2:23:44
or the 20-eight 820 is when I would get that information. 820 is when you, yeah, 820 is when we get the information. The final information

Unknown Speaker  2:23:55
that would be the final year,

Ryan Hankins  2:23:58
that's what we have Mark saying that he's comfortable with us buying sticks, well, so our plan would be to start the procurement process ahead of that, already be scoped and ready to basically send you a package to go buy, and when we get that package on the 20th, we'll just send it to him and say, hey, update your number based on this final mill order, said it'll take maybe a week, week and a half to get that done, and then we need time for you guys to approve it. We need time for us to go incorporate it in the contract to go send a change order to send a contract to the sub, all those things

Ryan Hankins  2:24:42
it would be three weeks after that 820 date, so we're back to the date

Speaker 7  2:25:02
I okay?

Speaker 4  2:25:07
Next question, if we're waiting, so there's no getting in line before september 10. Can't, can't do it. Okay, when do we think new doors January, so this would be for January, correct? September would be for what we're hoping that there's no meeting in January.

Speaker 4  2:25:38
What is.. I guess, what is the confidence that we think we're going to make that

Ryan Hankins  2:25:45
I'm not super confident. Yeah, I'm not super confident.

Ryan Hankins  2:25:58
So let me do the math real quick, 80 two may 15,

Unknown Speaker  2:26:17
so be 14 weeks after January 18, so you're looking at the next Monday from january 19.

Ryan Hankins  2:26:26
Let me, let me give you some actual dates. What's the week?

Speaker 4  2:26:37
I think we're already mean, we're

Ryan Hankins  2:26:49
already, I think, basically 14 weeks, so

Speaker 4  2:26:57
eight and nine, so if we push this money, we're out to September, january 15 by the time we're ready to place that order, so we have

Ryan Hankins  2:27:17
to anticipate our roll dates leading to, so here's what I'm looking at the next three roll dates, based on what we see as normal, would be november 15, which, considering that, hold on, so considering that that August is already closed, I bet you that's already, that's, that's where there's no chance we're getting into November posting, and then

Speaker 4  2:27:42
there's like basically all the people in the inner circle are given a heads up to get online, it's just like cited for college classes, it's

Ryan Hankins  2:27:55
but it's but it's by piece, it's like hey, like you know they have, we'll call it 50 shapes to roll, and they're rolling on a schedule, and they're like, "Hey, like I'm only gonna roll this week, and once my capacity is up, like, sorry, you gotta wait till the next time we roll that section. And we have, you know, a lot of different shapes, and there are a lot of big shapes, and so

Ryan Hankins  2:28:22
yeah. What is the critical size that we're so that's the thing, every single one of them, yeah, everything, yeah, yeah, we're we're we are beholden to the market is where we're at,

Speaker 7  2:28:41
so this was like, instead of the May date, and then the August date is

Speaker 5  2:28:49
the future one, but it's already closed,

Ryan Hankins  2:28:56
so, so what I want to make sure is that Keith understands too, so we'll give you all the data on like the different mills and like how this works, and I'll even give you a graphic so you can explain it, but like it's not like it's not like you Corps' best friends get like in line, that's not something like I don't think they even take like, like you can't even pay them enough to get in line because they just don't care, like you're negotiating, I think they're Japanese, from what I understand. They don't care, like they're just they're a huge company, and like they get first come, first serve, and there's no negotiation. Yeah, if anybody had pull, it would be Blue Owl, it would be people like that who are just dumping, you know, or if this had, like, a US defense designation, you might be able to break that chain, but that'd probably be the only way, DPA, F, I think it's called, or something.

Speaker 4  2:29:57
So, I guess this, yeah, and you know, I think what I'm doing here, I'm trying to simplify this, but it's not simple, no. So I think they can pull this up a little bit, and I need to talk at a higher level, which is probably the comfortable situation

Ryan Hankins  2:30:19
to, like, I like, I created that graphic that kind of explains it. I had, like, a little drawing I put together of how, like, the whole steel procurement process works, and I could put a sub one together and how the actual mill process works. Understood? That's great for me. Okay, we

Speaker 4  2:30:42
can't just keep at that level of detail, we're gonna have to simplify it in this format, I guess, is what I'm trying to say. So help me figure out, so maybe what I should do is instead of focusing so much on the who needs details about these mail orders, which I think is really kind of mucking the water. Let's just take it a step up. Brian, how do these design packages that are now saved by two months, how does that impact the delivery team's ability to get into a facility. When is when those are the there's two questions I need greater help. Yes, when is the soonest the delivery team can get into work with scenario one to start with a water tank, and when is substantial completion, and maybe we can, if it's easier to focus on substantial completion, what are we thinking? How does this impact substantial completion? If that's an easier conversation.

Ryan Hankins  2:32:04
I mean, let's say, like, right now I think we're in, like, a three month delay, and so it'd be end of first quarter, just to keep it super simple, 2028

Ryan Hankins  2:32:21
and from a installation standpoint I thought that March was always aggressive, I was always tracking in like my own head, like a June-July time frame, and so that would also push out three months.

Speaker 5  2:32:37
So delivery team arrival, what do we need in place for them to get there? They just need

Ryan Hankins  2:32:43
to slap right when we start. They just need the slab, but we need to preload. We need to do all this stuff ahead of time, preloading, and we have to have fireproofing now, because once they put started and saw in their tank, we do not want to go in after and put in fire proofing, so you're saying fire proofing at the F wave debt. It does help if we change the 2b but I don't know if that's what the best route is yet. So we're looking at now, if we're looking at June, we're now

Speaker 4  2:33:17
looking at September end of September, so energy now looking

Unknown Speaker  2:33:29
at energy sector is seven,

Speaker 4  2:33:41
and if that's the case, then substantial completion ends up being pushed out. If we were looking at end of January, we're now looking at end

Speaker 7  2:33:58
April for substantial completion for scenario lines.

Ryan Hankins  2:34:01
I think that's our backstop. Hey Chris, you want to chime in? He was messaging me. I was wondering when you were going to chime in.

Ryan Hankins  2:34:27
Hey, we can't, we can't hear you.

Speaker 3  2:34:31
Oh, that's because is it my fault? Yeah. okay.

Speaker 5  2:34:54
Something might make it easier to understand, right? So originally we were talking about a mill order by September, right. So, what that meant for us, what I was holding is approximately 12 weeks for mill order fab, and then another 16 weeks for fabrication, and then delivery to the site, so that would put us originally starting steel sometime in February. That's what we were holding as a placeholder. Yep. Okay, so what that ultimately did with that logic installation of steel, all the underground concrete, you know, below grade, all that stuff that put us completing slab on grade completely by the end of May, so that already put out

Ryan Hankins  2:35:52
the install of the DIY tank to end of May. That's the baseline. Okay, Chris, does that include that's what I was blowing? Yes, Chris, is that with fireproofing and preloading?

Speaker 5  2:36:10
Yeah, I think that we could have fit that in, that let's kind of hide that, like if that's what Berkeley was asking for now, if if we miss the September roll date and it pushes to hypothetically November, right, that puts steel onsite in April,

Speaker 4  2:36:35
which is true. We already saw that one case, right? So this is the scenario we talked about

Ryan Hankins  2:36:39
with the baseline, yes, but we're going to miss November, and it pushes

Speaker 7  2:36:48
to January. That means starting steel in June, essentially starting steel

Speaker 4  2:36:54
in June. Okay, and Chris, if we're starting steel in June, when would we say, okay, so it sounds like the holidays are dead. That's that's

Speaker 5  2:37:05
also an important point to make. Well, the one thing to consider is that we would probably look to resequence, I would think, and possibly figure out an alternate way of erecting the steel, so that we can get slab on bread done earlier, that's possible, but I can't commit to that without talking to a steel guy, because before we were waiting on slab on bread, because we were erecting from inside the building, so there could possibly be more cost for larger cranes if we were doing it a different way, but

Speaker 4  2:37:50
it is possible. Okay, let's talk about a realistic scenario, so if we're going to miss November, which means we hit into the baseline, we hit January. When would the delivery team be able to come on site if we hit the January roll date, which is the likely scenario if we were to keep moving forward today

Speaker 7  2:38:21
in value changes? what you're talking about is the water thing, that's right,

Unknown Speaker  2:38:40
so it would probably be July mid July, if we hit November. Oh no, if we hit January, the January probably be middle of the lot of things with the certain,

Speaker 4  2:39:08
yeah, so this is super important information that we get out to the team. I mean, what we're realistically looking at today is we're not going to make, we're not going to make it better the earliest the delivery team could be

Speaker 7  2:39:30
is past substantial completion that we're hearing from, which is August.

Speaker 4  2:39:35
Okay, so September, and then TCO substantial completion. When can we have, I guess, the building mostly completed? For, like, I don't want to use

Ryan Hankins  2:39:50
the word TCO. Does TCO mean the the old shell completion, or does that mean the old substantial completion,

Unknown Speaker  2:40:02
or as long is like 123, substantial completion was we had enclosure, bridge cranes installed,

Speaker 4  2:40:13
water tanks installed, the rest of the delivery team could come in and start working on machine install aspects and so not close out three or four months prior would be the first or earliest we could invite to install the water tank. I know I jumped around there, but basically that we were looking at, I think, April the water tank could be installed, that that was not realistic, then substantial completion would basically be

Ryan Hankins  2:40:53
everything, everything's done. Yeah. Oh, everything's done well, I mean, it's substantial completion. We're pretty much done. It's just punch list after that. We're just getting, you know, architect sign off, owner sign off.

Unknown Speaker  2:41:10
I thought we were calling PCO delivery team arrival, basically, is what I was viewing it as. And then the SC at the end

Speaker 5  2:41:21
phases got a little convoluted, but I was tracking in my mind TCO as being everything complete to get the delivery team in the door August, which was previously previous, I think in the RFP was like July or August, and then they pulled it back in after April, and then substantial completion. I think we're tracking December 27 initially,

Speaker 8  2:41:45
and then I think it's, it probably goes into April 28 Yeah, it's totally gotten kind

Speaker 7  2:41:55
of twisted, messaging has gotten twisted, but previously

Speaker 4  2:42:01
semantics, so it sounds like the new expectation is September would be the first available opportunity for the delivery team to come in and start working on the weekend, and then now substantial completion is basically close out, so September substantial completion would be

Ryan Hankins  2:42:32
January mean, so like per the schedule would be it'd be April, I mean, Chris, we're like basically on a four month delay is what I'm taking away, but but we haven't evaluated all the changes yet that that could pull it in, so like we're we're like deleting the office, you know, we're deleting the so like there's stuff that's going to help us, you know, so I think we just need to read, relook at the back end of the schedule, but you could probably say just from a put day for day push, you could say April right now, and then we'll come back to you guys and let you guys know if there's a way to bring that in

Speaker 4  2:43:11
april 28 Yeah, yeah, maybe I'll pull off on I think the biggest day we should focus on right now is When can the delivery team come in baseline, knowing that you guys, I don't think I'll communicate out.

Speaker 5  2:43:34
I think there's some levers that September potential delivery date, right, that they're resequencing impossibly for slalom break fire to steel erection, probably not ideal, but whatever. You know, there's some options there, I think they can do it, just might add cost.

Speaker 5  2:43:59
Yeah, so top five level with the original September roll day, we were looking at completing core and shell in August, right? November roll day would mean substantial completion of core and shell October-ish, January roll day, we

Ryan Hankins  2:44:26
put substantial completion in December of corn show corn show, not overall. Yeah, there's a lot of semantics.

Speaker 4  2:44:38
Yes, Chris, exactly how you said it aligns with my original understanding of how to set this out for the delivery team, so delivery team arrival substantial completion of orange shell overall completion of the project. Those are the three dates that I was getting. So going back to baseline, what we think today, delivery team arrival would be September core and shell completion would be this is just baseline. Chris, so today not considering any changes.

Ryan Hankins  2:45:16
Chris, I think that's when was that? So, a week ago

Speaker 5  2:45:24
substantial completion was for August, and we were shooting for DI water tank install. What we were showing was after slab on grid, which was essentially

Speaker 4  2:45:38
let's just call it June one, you water, okay, so inside water tank we were looking at June, june 27 to start installing that water tank, perfect, okay, yep, and then substantial

Ryan Hankins  2:45:58
completion at Florence Shell, we're looking at the original, right? Okay, all right.

Speaker 4  2:46:04
Gotcha, that makes sense. Okay, so we're still hearing Nick and I had Doctor of January in there. Great.

Speaker 5  2:46:13
Okay, January included the full TI build up this way. Jumping over

Unknown Speaker  2:46:26
to Mario two, so focusing on inside DIY water tank and small start all this core and shell. Yep. Thank you, guys. Sorry, do we need to bring anyone

Ryan Hankins  2:46:49
back to this? After, can we finish our thoughts on this slide, at least, so we can get that? Yeah.

Speaker 4  2:47:00
Gotcha core shell completion, gotcha. Okay, and then project completion would basically be sometime in January. That was that was baseline. Chris, is that all dry? Yes, that's that's what we were holding.

Ryan Hankins  2:47:23
Perfect. Okay, if we jump to scenario one, really quick, let's let's just get that done. Yeah, because we're on a roll, we're on a roll. Forget it. If we go to get something, okay?

Unknown Speaker  2:47:37
So scenario one of the scope reduction that we're looking at, about $40 million massive

Speaker 4  2:47:43
change production square footage for safeguarding the steel, and there's just a lot of little minor things from there. What is the new inside DI water tank installed for a date based on, I guess, your final mill order? I won't even go to those details. You guys will be getting a 50% CD set, which I think you

Unknown Speaker  2:48:07
can start ordering out, but potentially they would be the new date that the delivery team can start

Speaker 5  2:48:16
installing Chris. So this is hitting essentially the November roll date.

Ryan Hankins  2:48:25
No, this is hitting January

Speaker 4  2:48:32
really quick before we exercise that. Do we think based on when the information is coming to you based on supply and demand, what we're seeing with those days being it

Ryan Hankins  2:48:47
depends what you're trying to set with Keith. As far as expectations go, I think that's best case. I think I think worst case is the next one. So, best is January. Just to be clear, we keep saying January, but I did the math on the 14 weeks. It's actually february 15.

Speaker 4  2:49:10
Yeah, so scenario.. I'm just gonna write that down. Scenario one is actually a February, February 15 rule date.

Unknown Speaker  2:49:21
and can you remind me again what the baseline roll date was? September,

Ryan Hankins  2:49:36
it's closed. Yeah, so that's the thing. So he's going to say, "Hey, why are we two months later? It's because we were not going to hit in the current condition. We were not going to hit that date because it's closed for this section. Yeah, we were hoping when we were talking about this earlier, but now that we know it's real, it is closed, and that's why we're looking at extending out potential options, gotcha.

Speaker 4  2:50:04
So, this this baseline scenario broke one week ago. Yes, gotcha.

Speaker 4  2:50:18
I'm almost kind of curious, just for communication, I think we get what I think we ought to take a moment, guys. This baseline scenario, we know it wrote a week ago, what would have been the next best thing based on that today changes? So, if we were able to hit 50% CDs two weeks ago submit the permit by 615 What is this?

Ryan Hankins  2:50:48
I mean, it would have, it would have been on track for a seven one steel procurement date and a mill order by the November date. That was when it broke. That was our next November roll date, correct? I mean, like sitting here today, once again, like best case type thing.

Speaker 4  2:51:11
Totally understand. So, if we made that November roll date, Chris, when would be the earliest the inside DIY tank could start to be installed, is that that November, August, November? No. Oh yeah,

Ryan Hankins  2:51:34
let's see what you're doing. I keep getting, I keep getting mixed up between the different options, but yeah, I'm, I'm on, I'm on the same page.

Speaker 4  2:51:40
I will create something that's super pretty and clear. These are my chicken scratch notes, so we don't get caught in an uncomfortable conversation.

Ryan Hankins  2:51:49
Yeah, I think we're on the same page.

Speaker 4  2:51:51
Gotcha. Okay, so corn shell substantial completion would be pushed out, I'm assuming by two months, and then the overall project would be pushed out by two months, or would we?

Ryan Hankins  2:52:04
Yeah, and remember, this is this base option is based on the 50% CD set we currently have in hand, which includes all the office, which includes everything. So, would have been a pure two month push.

Speaker 4  2:52:20
Okay. Great. Yes,

Ryan Hankins  2:52:28
let's get that done before we quit.

Speaker 4  2:52:39
Chris, no, no. take it in here. We'll have some conversation.

Unknown Speaker  2:52:45
Okay. Scenario one: we're not meeting November, we're likely meeting January. February.. I'm sorry, February. There you're fine. So the inside DI water tank install now, I

Unknown Speaker  2:53:02
Chris, right by saying November,

Ryan Hankins  2:53:18
can you double check that, Chris? Thank you, Ron. just want to make sure, because I think the last option, what did we say in the last option?

Speaker 4  2:53:35
It was August. August was the new baseline.

Ryan Hankins  2:53:39
Okay. Yes, I'm good. Yeah, we're November. It should be two, right, Chris? Yes, so it's.. it's not November. It is.. it is October. It didn't.. it didn't sound right. That's why I was questioning.

Ryan Hankins  2:54:09
Yeah, we need to move back, because I, because it's February, not January. He was tracking a January date, now it's February. Yeah, yeah. Okay, I was, yeah, I was screwed up too.

Speaker 4  2:54:22
So, yeah, okay, okay, so substantial. Okay, so it goes November, and then so this is going to be important for people to understand. So, I ask, there's nothing in December, there's nothing in January. The next date is February 15, yeah. so there's a three month 215 plus six two weeks. Okay, all right. So it sounds like Chris, if that's the case, then substantial tormentional completion is two months after six.

Speaker 7  2:55:00
October, so that would be

Unknown Speaker  2:55:07
correct, correct December in scenario

Speaker 7  2:55:13
one. Okay, so that 1220 27 bridge location and

Unknown Speaker  2:55:35
the overall project would be completed in

Unknown Speaker  2:55:48
It was five months later, yeah, May, May of 28

Ryan Hankins  2:55:55
yes, DD 100% de ease that right. decrease, and I mean, Chris, I know you haven't been on all these calls, but just with the amount of reduction, I do think we're going to probably be able to pull that in. I just, we need time to think. I completely agree with you. I think stay high level does not what we needed for it, yeah.

Speaker 4  2:56:27
And that's a good point to make, because I don't know that I'm really going to kind of put that out there. Sure, we probably want to know pretty quickly, Chris and Ryan, like how much we think we can pull that in, because I well,

Ryan Hankins  2:56:53
there could also be a way that I mean one other thing to think about is like how we continue to overlap, like Jeremy says, hey, I need 24/7 access everywhere, but, like, I mean, nobody needs 24/7 access everywhere. Woody, when he was saying that, I was, I was kind of, I was kind of thinking, hey, we need to coordinate more on that, because there are opportunities to overlap more, we just got to talk through it, so if they need to get in fully by, you know, that January February timeline to help them speed up while we're still doing stuff. I'd say there's more opportunities for that.

Speaker 4  2:57:34
Let us, yeah, let us know if you think we can let us know how off that January date you think we are Chris in writing. Okay, all right. Let's do scenario two after lunch. Yeah,

Ryan Hankins  2:58:00
yes, perfect. Do you mind? Can you send this to me, so I just look at it again. Send it to Chris too. So many dates going

Speaker 9  2:58:17
on. That's why I was full.

Speaker 3  2:58:42
Court makes to add in the steel, and we got to add that, because we got to make sure we got it,

Speaker 9  2:59:02
yeah, sure. yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh my god. gosh,

Unknown Speaker  2:59:34
this is crazy pinballing

Speaker 9  2:59:37
all over. What's that? Just like pinballing all over, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  2:59:42
It's funny, because, like, I mean, how many times have people beat 40% of that, and it's not even the same product.

Ryan Hankins  2:59:57
The thing, like, what happens if you, if you guys showed this to Keith, and then we missed that February roll date, right?

Speaker 5  3:00:06
And I mean, that's what I've been trying to tell my money. This is it's not a day for day slip, guys, you're gonna slip three or four months at a time. This is, this is a big deal. Yeah, but yeah, I'm glad Chris is looking at ways to make stuff up on the back end, and because that question always going to come up, yep. Well, it's less to build. Why is it going to take as long? So, yeah, just having a good defense on that one. I think that's, we can talk for that part, that that would

Unknown Speaker  3:00:35
need to be something, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  3:01:19
I don't even know what the budget we're scheduled is at this point.

Ryan Hankins  3:01:28
Need to go for a walk.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai