Speaker 1  00:00
Sent a memo to Jerome and Nick Chavez. The intention is to have them sign that memo. We'll work separately with BJ preparing a more formal exhibit on the name change, and we'll submit that over to the planning department for approval. So that process is in way that's just more of a heads up for you guys, and something we'll take care of on our end. But I'm sure at some point, if on our site plan, you know we're showing Watson drive, will want to start showing Pacific Fusion Drive.

Speaker 2  00:34
Yeah, okay, just, I guess, let us know when, when you want that, or once that gets accepted, then yeah, we can make that update to our drawings. And that's not, that won't be a problem. Yeah, I

Speaker 1  00:48
think, yeah. I think let's, let's wait until we get this in front of the city. Nick is on it, working with the Mesa dill soul folks, we need to pull in. BJ, and I think once we have that, that next meeting with the city, we can, you know, we don't want to seem too overzealous and pushy. We might suggest that we would just naturally make that change, but maybe they want us to wait so we'll get direction from them, yeah.

Speaker 2  01:22
And it seems like it won't be a it doesn't seem like that should hold up anything from the permitting side so that can get incorporated at some point, whenever you have the approval. Perfect. Okay, yeah, okay, good to know. So you guys are doing that, and it seems like Josh and Mike the offsite stuff is moving forward. I don't know if you want to give any update on that during this meeting.

Speaker 3  01:49
Sure. Yeah, it's moving forward. We submitted last week to DRC, and so we should be having a review meeting probably two weeks from now. They're running about three to four weeks from when we submit to when we're heard at the meeting.

Unknown Speaker  02:07
Okay, Josh,

Speaker 1  02:09
I talked with Mike a little bit this morning. I'm taking a second look at the off sites and just confirming that I did. I did miss a few details, which were quite obvious. So it does look like we have storm drain connection and design that's on page. Let's see that's on sheet. So I'm seeing that this package had 23 sheets, but I only have seven nine in my package. Was, Is that intentional?

Speaker 3  02:48
Or let me go back and look what I sent you. It was an intentional to be, okay, clear. I think there should be 16 pages, so we're Yeah, so let me take a look at what I sent you, Cory, but there should be 16 pages, storm drain, sanitary sewer, water design. Those should be the three primary utilities that we're designing in that package, along with the roadway infrastructure.

Speaker 1  03:16
Gotcha Okay, and unless the Yeah. So the the each set that I'm looking at has nine pages. So maybe, maybe that's why there's a bit of a discrepancy here. Yeah, if there's a 16 page one, if you want to mind just sending that over, or maybe, maybe you did send it and just bumping that email.

Speaker 3  03:40
Yeah, you got it. And I was, yeah, I'll send you a new set right now.

Speaker 4  03:45
Actually, okay, perfect. I did have a question on the water line, if, if this is a good time to ask about that the on the plumbing drawings and the civil drawings, there was a little conflict on where it's entering the building. I'm assuming that we would want to go by the location on the plumbing drawings. It's a lot shorter run too. So I don't know if you guys have

Speaker 3  04:18
looked at that yet. We have, actually, we got latest backgrounds for plumbing, and so we're updating all those utility time locations. And so, yeah, that that water line tide is on that north face of the building. And so we're all,

Speaker 4  04:32
yeah, lot shorter. Nice.

Unknown Speaker  04:35
Thanks. Okay, awesome.

Speaker 1  04:41
And just to give Clayco a heads up, yeah, Brian, feel free to chat with Nick more about this offline. But we did propose throwing clayco's name in the hat to perform the work. They have not awarded the work just yet, so I think Nick plans on sending you the drawings, but if Josh, Josh sends us a new copy, we'll make sure you get the most recent one to provide a bit off of,

Speaker 2  05:10
okay, that's just so I understand. It doesn't matter, but I'm just, I'd like to understand stuff that's for the off site work that is being awarded by Mesa Del Sol.

Speaker 1  05:21
Yeah, and, okay, correct? And, yeah, I realize Rebecca, that's, you know, no, yeah, it's fine.

Speaker 2  05:28
I just was trying to make sure I was tracking it. I know I don't have to understand it.

Speaker 3  05:35
Sorry. Cory, I saw coming back to me what we did, the set that you're looking at, that we gave you was an old Plot Set, the progress plot we did before we submitted anything, and then we actually uploaded the set that we submitted to DRC on the ACC page. So I'll get you a link to where that is saved.

Speaker 1  05:54
Gotcha? Okay, that's probably where the discrepancy is, okay, okay. And so just confirming that we've got domestic water storm drain and sanitary sewer as part of that those 16 pages, that is correct. Yes. Okay, great.

Speaker 2  06:16
Okay. Courtney, Nick anything else that you all want to cover,

Speaker 1  06:23
I would hand it back to Clayco. Seems natural to talk about delegated design items.

Ryan Hankins  06:29
Yeah, I did respond. I think I think we're all on the same page. I mean, what with what you said? Generally, I agree with a lot of it. There was a couple things that came back that I think is not in your scope or our scope, like, for example, the interior tank and buttress supports. I don't think that's going to be designed by us,

Unknown Speaker  06:57
but, yeah, I think that's Pacific fusion.

Speaker 1  06:59
Yeah, the Anchorage, so the supports, no, but the Anchorage is something that thorn Tom said he's taking on.

Speaker 2  07:10
Yeah, the interior tank and buttress supports is an item that go ahead.

Speaker 5  07:18
Frank just, just want to clarify that so we are, we're definitely designing for the for the loads imposed from those anchorages. But just clear clarification on the design of the anchorage themselves, for example, on the interior DI water tank. The calculations that were provided to us, it appeared that the tank designer has designed an anchorage detail for the base of the tank connecting into our slab.

Speaker 1  07:55
Okay, so, okay, so it sounds like they have and we're just coordinating that anchorage detail with the foundation correct,

Speaker 5  08:03
we would, we would need to coordinate and make sure that you know, whatever embedment that they need is in our drawings is provided in the foundation.

Speaker 1  08:15
Got you Okay? As far as the buttress is that a similar scenario,

Speaker 5  08:21
that for that, I would need to go back and double check, I don't know off the top of my head, but I'll do that and give get back to you.

Speaker 1  08:30
Okay? I Yeah, let's, let's align on that rather quickly. I think I was under the impression that I'll ask James in the background, but I think I was under the impression that that was something advanced tank was not doing. But let me ask James.

Speaker 5  08:51
I'll pull that up on the side while we can keep going.

Ryan Hankins  08:58
The rest of my email, I think, is pretty standard, but I'll let you guys go back and read it, and then you guys can respond. But I don't think there's crazy from my perspective.

Speaker 1  09:13
Yeah, and just double confirming. So Frank, you're not providing any anchorage details for that. Me. P, equipment.

Ryan Hankins  09:22
Oh, no, we can do that. I mean that, along with the seismic bracing as well, yeah, it's something that we have the mechanicals do all the time well and electrical

Speaker 5  09:44
and Cory just to jump back onto the buttress real quick, I pulled up the buttress calc on the side here they advanced tank has provided a base plate and anchorage detail for that buttress. Okay, I can perhaps grab the screen real quick just to share what I'm seeing here. Gotcha. I think we would need to coordinate this with our onto our drawings and provide some indication of you know what needs to get built as part of the foundation, but the design of it itself, I think advanced tank is owning this piece.

Speaker 1  10:27
That makes sense. Thanks for sharing that detail. So that does make sense. I think there's just so the final coordination, now that we're going with option 1b with the extended cavern or basement for that 30 inch water pipe is just to ensure that the embedment of 18 inches is not going to interfere with the, I guess those new basement walls, or we've got a six foot mat, so I imagine it'll be okay, right?

Speaker 5  10:55
Yeah, we need to design that Matt slab for for this reaction.

Speaker 1  11:00
Yep. Okay, all right, Thanks for clearing that up.

Speaker 2  11:07
Yeah, so I It looks Brian all needs to read through this email and maybe coordinate back with Frank and Mark and make sure that and we can, we can respond, but we can coordinate with the team and see,

Ryan Hankins  11:21
yeah, yeah, I was, I wasn't gonna make you guys say yes or no on the call.

Speaker 2  11:24
You guys, well, yeah, that was, I received it during the call, and I can't, I can't read and do a call that's crazy, just the one brain. Okay, okay, okay, great. So was there anything else related to the delegated design that you wanted to talk about, just to make sure that, are there any other questions of who's doing what, or were there any concerns that you want to flag?

Ryan Hankins  11:53
No. I mean, from my standpoint, I think we've got a lot of the my big concern was just with the tilt up design. I just wanted to make sure we didn't have any other kind of bogeys out there. I don't think we do, based on what I'm seeing. So yeah, we should be, should

Speaker 2  12:09
be in good so you're okay with us moving forward with your option? B, yeah, I need to find your email again, because I we did talk about it with our with our team. And, yeah, yeah. So the A you guys carry the delegated Clayco Does delegated design. Ae has the performance specs. The AE remains responsible for load criteria, how it connects to the structure and fits into the overall structural model, envelope, performance, Energy Code detailing, the only item on here that is not part of it, and I guess I should have responded to that specifically, the electromagnetic interference detailing is not part of this scope of work, so that that's not going to be part of it. That will be a future phase that Pacific fusion has movement joints and then panel, yeah, so I think that option B we between our different team members, we have those items covered. Okay, perfect. And do you want me to respond to this email and say something to that effect?

Ryan Hankins  13:19
Probably, yeah, just don't do it now. Take, take some time. Read through it. It's, it's longer than you can read in this meeting. So take, take some time.

Speaker 2  13:29
Thanks for Yeah, I'm just gonna, I'm putting, I'm just popping it up so that I don't forget that I've said that. I'll do that. So, okay, great.

Ryan Hankins  13:40
Go ahead and Brian. So from our side, we have a big week. This week, this afternoon, we're presenting some of the early MEP value engineering that we've talked through. We have some we have some decent news that I like. It's gonna it should be a good meeting, generally speaking, for where the goal was. The end of this week, we should be submitting the full 100% pricing. We're a little bit out of order with the fact that we're doing a ve meeting before we get the updated price. But either way, you know, I think, I think getting some of these decisions made on the VE side makes sense. And so I'm assuming next week will likely need some meetings to discuss not only the pricing, but also some of the Value Engineering. And it's probably going to be more breakouts, if I had to guess, Nick and Cory was wondering, for your guys thoughts on that?

Unknown Speaker  14:40
Yeah, I agree. Good.

Unknown Speaker  14:42
Courtney, oh, go ahead, Nick I'll go after you. Go for it.

Speaker 6  14:47
No, I think breakouts would be great to get that done. I know there's, there's a lot of information, and want to take up everybody's time to do that, but yeah, Monday or Tuesday next week, Ryan, I think we should try to set a couple hours aside and go through those all, okay,

Speaker 2  15:04
yeah, just Oh, go ahead. Sorry, Courtney, yeah, I think

Speaker 1  15:09
there's going to be some pretty obvious decisions that I anticipate making actually this afternoon, and we're all I intend on tracking this in the VE log. So Ryan, we're going to be extracting information that you've you guys have quantified to help make those decisions and that justification. But I'd really like to continue to use that ve log as the single source of truth and why we made a decision the options that were available to us, I think if there's any kind of loose leaf items that we still need to address after this ve meeting this afternoon, we can absolutely set up more time. I know you, I know you guys are waiting on a different additional information, so I just asked, like, the next time we set up a call to discuss the remainder of the items, we address the majority of them. So whether that's Monday, Tuesday, you let us know it sounded like you needed a couple more days to get information. And so if you guys have it on Monday, Tuesday, yeah, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  16:21
I mean, we're expecting to turn everything around Friday from our side. And so, okay, it's just with pulling up the VE date to today, there's just been some things that we've just had to, we've had to punt a little bit on until Friday, and so we're there for them. But yeah, it's, it's a lot of information that we're getting in. And frankly, the two things that have been changes since 50% we've actually had to divert and spend a lot of time on, and one of those is fireproofing, and the other one is the trench covers, as we all would expect. And so that's been a distraction in the background that we've been trying to focus on and make sure we're getting enough detail on.

Speaker 1  17:09
Okay, yeah, fair enough. So if it makes sense, why don't we just set up that call for Monday then? Or do you prefer Tuesday? If, will you be prepared Monday? Or will things still be coming in on

Unknown Speaker  17:24
on Monday? We'll be prepared Monday?

Speaker 7  17:28
Oh, there may be if let's make sure and ask the team Ryan if we can just see if there's anything that they're waiting for. Because if it's coming in on Monday, I would rather just do it like first thing Tuesday morning. So can we get back to you on that? Cory, I just want to make sure that we're tracking with everything we're waiting on. Yeah, no problem.

Speaker 1  17:50
Yeah. We can put Yeah. Just let us know. I just want to make sure we get a hold on our calendar so nobody starts to schedule over those times

Speaker 7  18:02
and just so I'm sorry. Dogs, yes, well, we'll know by our afternoon meeting today. Okay, okay, that sounds good.

Speaker 2  18:11
This breakout session is between Clayco and Pacific fusion. Is that what I'm understanding that you all will be meeting,

Speaker 1  18:18
yes and but I, I believe I invited you, Rebecca, let's see.

Speaker 2  18:23
Oh, the one today you did invite me to Yes, I'm trying. I'm talking about Monday. I just So, just to throw it out there. But since we do have our our big deliverable, two packages next week, I do want to be respectful of the team and not overburden them with a bunch of meetings, since at that time, it's the decisions at that time are not going to get incorporated into the deliverable. We just want to make sure we get that done. So I just want to kind of put that out there.

Speaker 1  18:54
No problem. Rebecca the I think the intention is we would only invite you for transparency right that way you're able to be a fly on the wall and track along. But you know, for folks like Dominic and the rest of the design team, it makes sense that they stay focused on the deliverable in front of 100%

Speaker 2  19:13
I'm on board that. Yeah, I would love to be able to listen, listen in to your guys's conversation. But yeah, thank you. That sounds perfect. I Okay, anything else?

Ryan Hankins  19:27
Ryan, no, I mean schedule. You know, I think that plays into discussion, discussion as well, namely, the fireproofing. As we've gotten more information back. We're trying to come up with some some options and understanding of how that truly affects schedule. So Nick will be getting you an update in the next in the next week or so, with just how, how that's all coming. Okay, that sounds great. Other than that from our side, no, I think, I think we're good. We're just churning right now and want to get through everything. I think we've made a lot of good headway this week on the tunnel, the underground tunnel extension. We've made some good progress on pre loading discussion. I think we probably still need to have a follow up there. I think that's probably part of Friday's discussion, but just based on how how much work I think probably needs to be done, there probably deserves a separate call eventually,

Speaker 1  20:31
I think so as well. And yeah, Friday's call does not include the facility integration team, but I think there needs to be a separate breakout, because the facility integration team, their work is going to be impacted depending on how we choose to preload this lab. And it's pretty clear to me that we haven't fully nailed that down just yet. So I think next week we need to have this breakout session. I will put it on my list accordingly and make sure that we we get something set up.

Ryan Hankins  21:12
Yeah. I mean, if you, if you look at, I mean holistically, if you look at our schedule overall, there's three glaring risks at that schedule. One is steel, as we've all talked about. One is the pre loading understanding of how we're going to do it, and how that affects timeline, depending on the prescription of how long we need it to be on the slab, and what requirements for for the column loading, for the crane. And then lastly, the fireproofing and how all that gets intertwined. And so from a schedule standpoint, we're focused on trying to resolve those three things. Do they need to be resolved today? No, but probably pretty quickly, so we can start getting you guys some schedule certainty that makes sense. Yeah. And frankly, because I know Jeremy wants to be in and in March to start installing that tank, and we want to be able to get him some real feedback on what we think that actually can happen. Yeah, no. From the Clayco side, I think, I think we're good. Unless Chris or Erica, you guys have anything else I'm good right now. Thank you. Yeah, I'm good.

Speaker 2  22:28
Too. Great. Okay. Bill, any other items that you want to bring up?

Unknown Speaker  22:42
No, thanks. Rebecca, yeah, as Courtney, you noted we'll meet tomorrow afternoon to

Unknown Speaker  22:50
talk about ve from the design side.

Speaker 2  22:53
Perfect. Okay, so I guess I'll open it up. Does anyone else? Josh Mike, Frank Dom, Kristen, Nick, anyone else have anything from the design, type design side? No, all good here, actually, tomorrow morning. Sorry, guys. Sorry for the compute.

Ryan Hankins  23:18
Sorry Ryan. What was that? I just had one more thing, Frank and I talked a little bit ago, but it was about the updated estimate that's due Friday, and just the updated steel takeoff. It looks like we won't have the updated takeoff until that five, eight set. And so Cory, we're gonna Courtney and Nick, we're gonna keep the old quantities of tonnage of steel. We're going to add in the new allowances that they gave us in the 100% DDS, and we will wait until we get that updated quantity on the eighth.

Speaker 6  23:57
Okay, so that are you that extra that you're holding there is that for the steel connections that the allowance you're talking about? Ryan? No, this is on

Ryan Hankins  24:06
their drawings. It talks about what we should carry outside of I can't find it anymore.

Speaker 5  24:15
I just had it up in front of me to Ryan. But these were we included some notes on our drawings just to account for the estimated tonnage of steel that wasn't shown on the 100% DD join. So this included things like the dunnage, the imp Gert, elevator framing, stair framing, etc.

Unknown Speaker  24:40
Okay, gotcha makes sense. Thank you. Ryan,

Speaker 2  24:49
great, okay. Courtney, Nick anything else before we end?

Unknown Speaker  24:58
Not for my end. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  25:00
Rebecca, good here as well. Thank you.

Speaker 2  25:03
Great. Wow. We were efficient as heck today. 31 minutes. Okay, great. Well, thank you all so much. Look forward to hearing about the VE stuff this afternoon. Thank you. Sounds good. Talk to you later. You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai