Unknown Speaker  00:00
So let me know we're waiting a couple more folks.

Ryan Hankins  00:07
Yeah, from our side, Abbott's gonna join. Let me go check on him real quick.

Speaker 1  00:14
I don't know how Ryan Hankins got two tiles.

Unknown Speaker  00:20
Hey, one for video, one for audio, looks like

Unknown Speaker  00:24
probably his phone. Oh, there's Abbott.

Ryan Hankins  00:40
Yeah, Conor, to answer your question, because I heard you as I was walking away, once for video, once for audio.

Speaker 2  00:51
Is there anyone else we need before we can get started? I know

Unknown Speaker  00:55
probably expecting Cory, we're fine on the Clayco side.

Unknown Speaker  01:04
Bill, are you expecting anyone else?

Unknown Speaker  01:08
No, we can go ahead. We're good on our side.

Speaker 2  01:11
Awesome. If we go ahead and get started. I think we wanted to put a call together. I know there's been a lot of changes for the project recently that we're trying to make pretty quick updates and doing our best to maintain schedule. I believe the purpose of the call is really to make sure that we are all aligned on expectations, you know, in terms of schedule, cost, and just ultimately, all marching towards the same goal and making sure there's a clear understanding of how we're going to get there. So really, this is, you know, just kind of a quick forum for the leadership team so we can make sure that we're all aligned on what all, what the expectations are from the customer side, what the expectations are for, you know, meeting, meeting your guys's requirements as well. So we can have a project that we can all feel good about and stand behind the cost and schedule, and, you know, bring up any potential risks that you guys may see that could derail that just have a honest, open conversation here about how we're going to how we're going to achieve the goal. At the end of the day, Courtney, you just jumped on. Is there any other anything else you wanted to preface before we kind of jumped into the conversation?

Speaker 3  02:41
I can see you talking. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, thanks, Nick. You know, Nick and I are working on with the rest of the team how we can safeguard the existing steel procurement items and R and D, but also, more importantly, the entitlement approval that we've already achieved. So anything that kicks back into entitlements is going to cause a risk, but we're all we're working through that.

Speaker 3  03:20
So handing it back. So Keith, do you have any questions for the team?

Speaker 4  03:33
I guess, yeah, we're going through and value engineering the project and with a goal of reducing costs, keeping the schedule some some questions that meta questions I'll have are, what all can we do to do that? You know, keep do both, and that's kind of it. What is our plan to and then I guess another one is, what is we've identified a certain number of rows of things. What is our path to closing on those things?

Speaker 3  04:16
Keith, it sounds like what we can do all of the items that impact our procurement schedule still schedule or break down ground schedule. So when you say, keep the schedule, my understanding is the most important date is break ground mid July, correct? Yep. Okay, so it makes sense to me that we identify any items that is going to cause us to push that break ground date and eliminate them.

Speaker 4  04:45
That's not the approach that I want to take. Anything that might impact that we will discuss. What will it take to not impact it

Speaker 3  04:54
but still do it? Yeah, and I think that's a conversation with the city and the design team. So we can flag those as a risky then I can start running those down with Robin and even max to see how we can

Speaker 4  05:11
with whatever size team we need to meet with. Then let's do that.

Speaker 3  05:19
Okay, yeah. So what I can do is I can just identify those items that are really going to put break ground at risk, and we can have those conversations with the city to understand if it breaks things.

Speaker 4  05:34
I think we start with the team here and and then see what bubbles up to needing to talk to the city. I What's an example of something that would require? So if you reduce square feet, square footage of a building, you have to go back to the city.

Speaker 3  05:51
Yeah, it's a footprint of the building. And likely our our amendment is capped at 10% so if we reduce or change anything, or modify anything by over 10% of the existing footprint, then it would kick us back into formal DFT approval

Speaker 4  06:09
that includes reductions. That includes reductions. What is it? What if we call things phase two?

Speaker 3  06:21
Yeah, that's, that's one way to solve it, if we wanted to.

Speaker 4  06:24
That's just an internal administrivia. Then, right? I mean, well, I just look, that's if that's administrivia, then that's it. Then we don't need to go to the city

Unknown Speaker  06:36
in order to do a phase two,

Unknown Speaker  06:40
okay, right? I mean, it's, yeah,

Speaker 3  06:47
we could have, so what I'm hearing you say, Keith is we could take the admin and lab space, the existing footprint, and that could be a future build out phase two.

Unknown Speaker  06:58
It's just a note on the

Speaker 3  07:01
that might be, that might be a way to approach this. I

Unknown Speaker  07:12
solved it so I've seen everybody nod,

Unknown Speaker  07:14
well, I would, sorry, Courtney, I don't.

Speaker 4  07:20
I don't want to expand this out into some big hypothetical, or I want to keep the schedule. I want value engineering that reduces costs, and I want to go through it and very quickly and things that get smaller. I want to talk about how we can get the design team working on it to rapidly make those changes while maintaining the schedule. And we're not making things bigger. We're making things smaller, if anything. In that case, if it means calling things phase two, fine.

Speaker 3  07:59
So I think the big question we need to answer is, how do we construct phase 1r, d space and provide a waterproof building? Do we just leave it open? Do we provide

Unknown Speaker  08:13
it's a phase two TP date.

Speaker 3  08:17
Okay, all right, so laboratory space and admin space stays the same. Is going to be phased out on a different timeline.

Speaker 4  08:29
It's going to do it. It's called phase two, though, in the drawing it's just, we just do the things we're saying. It's a future phase. That's it. Okay, all

Speaker 3  08:47
right, so it sounds like our team needs to come up with a schedule on when phase two can be completed.

Speaker 4  08:55
No, they need to come up with a schedule phase one can get started on the schedule that we have, and design the building for phase one, and call everything else that would amount to messing with whatever the city thinks it has to get involved in phase two. The city can't force us to do phase 2am.

Speaker 1  09:18
I hearing you want to go into permitting on phase one, so that you're able to get permit break ground, and then make the adjustments in this sort of phase two strategy with the city.

Speaker 4  09:30
I'm saying that we're designed, we've left east the space, we are building phase one, and that's it. Period. We can say phase two is a future expansion date that does not have a date of start.

Speaker 3  09:50
We would show the existing design as is key so as not to trigger any kind of entitlement churches.

Speaker 4  09:57
Yeah, we're going to build that out some other date. That's the plan. But thing we're building now is this phase one, with the wall where it is, and the new thing,

Unknown Speaker  10:07
then phase two is an addition

Unknown Speaker  10:09
that's in addition.

Speaker 3  10:10
Later the architect and structural engineer, they're going to have to show water tight enclosure details. So it's okay.

Unknown Speaker  10:20
That's fine. That's okay. And

Speaker 5  10:22
then long lead procurements is just for phase one. We ignore phase correct, so we can get still going.

Speaker 6  10:33
And I'm sure it goes without saying, but I think there's a lot of value in being transparent with the city in terms of the planning, and I can't imagine that they would have a problem with a phased approach to the building, being clear with them about what the permit inspectors kind of see on the show.

Speaker 4  10:55
Yeah, no, we mark it exactly as we've said, and we just proceed and and continue. But yeah, mark it like that. That's fine.

Speaker 3  11:09
Okay, so we would just have concrete tilt up around where the adjacent admin laboratory space would be. We just design it as a or something that could easily be demolished in the future.

Unknown Speaker  11:21
Maybe imp, no,

Speaker 4  11:26
maybe we're not saying the same thing. There's a future expansion that includes the original footprints. The thing we're building is the thing in the new footprint. There's nothing built out in the place where we'll future expand to. That's future. You it

Unknown Speaker  11:47
Okay. Does that make sense as the plan?

Unknown Speaker  11:55
So if I understand, so pull these

Speaker 4  12:00
up, side by side, so we're not so we're not making mistakes. So pull it up, put it on the slide. Cory, put the original, put the name, and I can mark phase two,

Speaker 3  12:11
and that's it. Let me yeah, let me share an image.

Unknown Speaker  12:14
So yeah, that movie one, right?

Unknown Speaker  12:17
Yes, yes, yes, yes. Let me just Okay, so, Keith, what you're talking about

Speaker 4  12:23
sure that put this on to a slide next to the original, or at least this is what. So what we're saying is there's an original behind this red thing. Okay, right? The new red box is not there in the in the new baseline

Unknown Speaker  12:47
phase one, correct.

Speaker 3  12:51
So if the way it would need to be represented on the drawings is the the existing design keys,

Speaker 5  13:01
yes, and the red in this drawing would be phase two.

Unknown Speaker  13:05
Building in phase two.

Speaker 3  13:08
Okay, gotcha, Okay, gotcha So, okay, phase one is everything over to column line, yeah. Okay, understood.

Speaker 4  13:27
And we tell them that to say that we're doing in phases, building phase one, you guys will probably rework phase one for all the things that we've just talked that we're talking about for this value engineering step and and then we will do this at some other day. TBD, not part of today's scoping or steel ordering or work.

Speaker 3  13:46
Now this, this scope here. Case, do we create a water type? We can't just leave this open to the environment.

Unknown Speaker  13:54
We create a water type building? Yes, right.

Unknown Speaker  13:58
Okay, an expansion future TBD.

Speaker 6  14:02
I think, according to your earlier suggestion, we can look at a facade option, that is, if it can be efficiently removed to enable the phase two. Yes. I Yep.

Speaker 3  14:23
Okay, I'll we can run that down. Keith, that sounds like that. Sounds like a good opportunity.

Speaker 5  14:34
Are the red items on the left also? Or phase two? Yep, right, yeah, we're reducing the it's all phase

Speaker 4  14:44
two stuff. You've gotten red, yeah, okay, so we're not eliminating it. It's phase two. Okay, it's eliminated. No longer design it, no longer spend a dime or nano second working on it. It's gone, but it's deferred into phase two. There's no steel order for it. There's no other provisions made for it, and there's no schedule delay by taking things out, anything that it should make the schedule go faster and getting to the getting to the same break ground date. I'm interested in hearing how taking things out pushes the data. And if we have to have the design team, we have to add to the design team to keep our schedule, then we have to add to the design team,

Speaker 6  15:34
typically for phasing like this jurisdiction is going to want to see a design that suppose this thing ever happens, so they want to see life safety codes, all that stuff. So there, there is a set of design tasks associated with showing that version of the building to get the permit review done. So for different phase one, you mean, yeah, for phase one, it's not solely, I

Speaker 4  16:08
understand we have to do the outer wall. I get it that there's a there's an overlay that is that, and that's fine, yep, understood that. That takes some time, but it's trimming and edges, right? And then there's some other detail anyway, I understand that, yeah.

Speaker 6  16:27
I mean, we'll recycle as much as we've already developed, but there's probably some generative work as well.

Speaker 3  16:39
And the bill, just to clarify, you were also talking about fire life safety being included in the red area, even though it's considered phase two designed.

Speaker 6  16:52
Or we would have to show phase one complying with fire life safety. We'd have to show near us for our you know, all the required components

Speaker 4  17:03
of that, of course, but those are lower than with Phase Two included. Correct square footage is lower. There's these other buildings that aren't there. It has to be done. I totally understand. It has to be packaged like that, but it's an inclusive thing, not addition.

Speaker 6  17:23
Yeah, it's, it's a, it's a different thing. Yeah, we'll have to dig into it. I'm just saying the more decent details around the edges. Yeah, of

Unknown Speaker  17:34
course, makes sense. I think.

Speaker 6  17:42
Another question, Cory and we can take this up offline, is civil engineering. We might want to think about how this impacts their work.

Speaker 3  17:54
We do have an already approved civil site package. I imagine there's going to be modifications for that, along with the foundation package that we're holding off on. So we'll have to, you know, we'll have to redesign those just for phase one, showing phase two.

Speaker 4  18:16
Let me, let me just make sure I understand what you mean by redesign. We don't have to put a foundation under where Phase Two goes, because it's not being killed.

Unknown Speaker  18:27
Design modifications.

Speaker 4  18:28
Yeah, drawings have to be modified. I understand that to have a complete phase one as a projects, we can talk to totally understand that. But there that's that's deletions, not additions. Other that there's work to make this, yes, to make the plans, of course, but it's less Foundation, not more.

Speaker 3  18:52
That's correct. We're saying the same thing, Keith, we just need to make those modifications on the existing plans, of course. Yeah,

Speaker 6  19:05
full awareness. So everyone is kind of on the same page. There's going to be a new set of structural calculations. There are some brace frames along the perimeter walls that have been designed for those calculations. There'll be a new set of ground with

Speaker 3  19:23
that, right? Yeah, so yeah, FYI Keith and team, where I'm putting these blue lines. These are brace frames that support some of the transfer loads from the bridge grains. These will now need to be shifted into phase one, and we'll have to find an accommodating spot for these. It will likely we will try to, I think we can align it with the existing wall configuration, but it will eat into some of the space for the lab, but we will be able to figure it out. I three, okay, Brian, any, any questions, concerns on your end,

Ryan Abbott  20:12
really, the design team is on point here for elevations, foundations, structural frame we understand the removal of the scope and deferment of those dollars to a future phase, the timing of implementation and getting through the that work, I would have to leave that to You, Bill and team, to respond back on schedule?

Speaker 6  20:43
Yeah, I'm just throwing out a few issues, issue spotting, that I'm just kind of running through right now. And I really need to talk with some talk with my team, all the things I'm undoubtedly not considering. So there are, there's been a lot of coordination, as you know, you know, to date, to get this design to work. So we were at this next some of those issues,

Speaker 1  21:14
yeah, and I think maybe Ryan and Ryan, what we do, and this is working with Bill, is we figure out we pull plan the 715, break around date from our perspective of what we need in order to do that mobilization, and it helps bill, I think, with your workflow, because, because, ultimately, there's some Things I think that have to happen for purposes of foundations and grading and structural in particular. Thank you.

Speaker 1  21:55
Still, still a priority. I think everyone's we've said that a couple of times

Unknown Speaker  21:59
since that's still, yeah,

Speaker 4  22:01
thankfully, what what percentage of the steel is unchanged with these changes? Isn't the vast majority of the steel and the stuff that's in phase one, yeah,

Speaker 3  22:18
we would just be eliminating the 75 ton bridge green columns, and not reworking the structural seal for the building. So it's, it would be a reduction to your point, Keith, I don't know that

Speaker 4  22:29
we, I don't know that we've accepted that one yet, right? That's right, yeah, that's the big flag in terms of the, you know, the vast majority of the steel ordering and structural considerations are unchanged in this plan.

Speaker 1  22:56
I will say, I will say, from also our perspective, there's, I know we're doing a lot of like being a lot of like movement. From a contractor perspective, we would like to try to resettle down on to budget and scope, just because our fear is typically when things are just massively changed and there's a lot of movement on the be it really can get a little chaotic. And so there, there needs to be a settle point at some point, and then we re evaluate. This is the budget, this is where we're at, and that we're all growing at the same place.

Speaker 4  23:32
Keith, totally agree. I mean, so we, you know, the team has marching orders on what that is. And very good, yeah, I totally agree doing it quickly and settling is a high priority.

Speaker 1  24:00
Have we settled? I'm gonna ask, Are we settled on what that full budget number is like, what your full target is? Has that been daylighted to everyone?

Unknown Speaker  24:15
That's a question so Conor, okay,

Speaker 1  24:19
I mean, don't, answer this now, right? But just in my experience, if we're really trying to move and we're trying to move quick, meet schedules, it really is imperative that we know where the marker is. I don't want to put you on the

Speaker 4  24:35
spot, Keith, but it helps us now. No, we definitely have a target. Now I hear you and we'll, we'll relay that back. We started somewhere. We've ended up somewhere much worse. So we're going to get back to our somewhere we started from. And that's a high level thing. We can provide some harder numbers on that, and, and, and then, you know, corral the design into the shape it needs to be. That's, that's the purpose of this value engineering step. We'll share those. I totally understand going quick and being, you know, trying to do this once right is obviously imperative, and we will, we will work to that. Appreciate it. Thank you,

Speaker 1  25:32
Ryan and Ryan, do you have anything else from the Clayco perspective?

Ryan Abbott  25:37
No, I think Bill probably getting your consultants in that poll plan pretty quickly to see what next steps need to be so that we can be responsive on some of those decisions, especially as they transfer all the way down to the foundations.

Speaker 6  25:56
Yeah, yeah, and Courtney, you and I can follow up and Nick about next steps on getting there, we had considered a kind of collaborative workshop scenario, Brian, where we all get in a room and we have all the right folks there to make decisions quickly and understand the cost implications for Pacific fusion and settle on a path forward that works for everyone.

Ryan Hankins  26:25
Yeah, we're still we're still committed, if we need to be, if I need to be in New Mexico next week for the whole week or whatnot, to be in the big room, I'm happy to do that.

Unknown Speaker  26:43
Hey, Bill, since this is had you're,

Unknown Speaker  26:46
you're going to be,

Unknown Speaker  26:47
excuse me, you

Speaker 1  26:48
and your consultants are going to be the ones pulling the Herculean effort. Do you want to think of the best way you sort of want to tackle it with our sort of interaction and then sort of put out the request,

Speaker 6  27:02
we're going to take some of your lead, because you have a lot to do on your side. Yeah, Conor, I appreciate that we you know, I was contemplating essentially a big room set of workshops, and so you guys would be a crucial component of that, so we can get to a target value quickly, in real time.

Speaker 1  27:29
I'm sure we can make that happen. Is that going to be in Albuquerque or in or in Bay Area?

Speaker 6  27:39
We were thinking Albuquerque makes sense, and I've talked with design leads already about that. So they're, they're kind of, they're holding time for next week.

Speaker 7  27:52
Okay, let us know what the schedules are, so we can marshal on our side. I think one of the key

Speaker 6  28:00
components, obviously, is going to be civil coordination and making that July 15 break around making that work. Okay? I

Speaker 3  28:25
Okay. Well, I think we have a good game plan ahead Bill. I think at minimum, we should definitely meet today with other leadership to understand if we think we're going to I think we need to tackle this entitlement issue and just make sure that we can get ahead of it with Robin. So I'll schedule some time with you. We'll figure it out, and for everybody else's knowledge, I think at this point, we have a good cohort of scope production items that we can start focusing on, Keith, there are some other critical items that we do need to make a decision on by the end of this week. I've just sent those out to you and Justin and Jeremy. I'll work with Jeremy to see if we can come to a consensus by the end of this week. But yep, there's a lot of work we got to do.

Speaker 6  29:18
So thank you guys. One last thing I'd like to put on the table, and this is really for discussion next week, Courtney, but if you guys can think about a decision tree and the eventuality that this phasing approach does not get you into the box for the target you need to hit, and then kind of we can, we can go from there. I don't want to

Speaker 4  29:45
get the leads to be clear, no work should be done on Phase Two other than what's necessary. From where we're sitting in a permanent perspective, we're only building phase one. I don't want to see any cost for phase two stuff, right? Thank you. Thanks everybody. I have to run. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker 3  30:04
Thanks, Bill. Are you? Are you talking about code minimum, like, restroom, travel distances,

Speaker 6  30:10
or are you talking about, I'm literally saying, You know what, if this saves you, it doesn't save you enough money. I mean, I just, I know that we've, we've, we've been talking about sort of cost per square foot of the of this space, and it's not the highest cost space in this project.

Speaker 3  30:34
And Nick and Justin. I think we need to get those numbers to Clayco as soon as possible. I think we need to give them the Greek Clayco, the these, these were the hard cost numbers that Heinz had come up with, 100% SD Nick. I think we need to give the Heinz numbers and not what James conveyed after so

Speaker 5  31:05
saying those right now would be good. And then the numbers that we, you know, you and the team came up with Cory on these line items we want to slash on the approximate values. I think Quay CO we definitely need your help in validating those numbers. Our assumption is that we're on the low end, and we're kind of at the floor, and we actually might save more than what's listed, but getting those more accurate quickly could also help alleviate some of these other changes we're discussing, if you know, there's more money to be saved, and some of The other less impactful changes,

Speaker 1  31:41
I think, I think we would have to see the numbers. I mean, it really is highly dependent on what those numbers extrapolated to, what the size of the foundations were, what the foundations looked like. You know, what the systems within the box are for purposes of electrical and mechanical

Unknown Speaker  32:04
there's a lot of different

Speaker 1  32:07
I've seen boxes that are cheaper, and I've seen super expensive boxes, and it just really depends on the details with them. So Justin, I'm not being vague for Vegas, yeah, but it's Yeah, but it's something that would have to be looked at. You've dug into this a little bit. Ryan Hankins, I think you probably have more detail than just me.

Ryan Hankins  32:35
Yeah, it's, it's, it's been a wild two days of just wagging things up, wagging the tail of the dog. We do have a drawing set as of Monday that I haven't even had a chance to crack open yet, so I would love to spend some more time in the drawings that we actually have, that the design team produced. Look at the steel, look at, you know, all this stuff, and then really see, from a molecular standpoint, what these ve options are actually cutting so that we can really have a finite look at the detailing of what's really being reduced.

Ryan Abbott  33:17
Great. That sounds great. I'm, I mean the same off sites, same site, containment, hoisting, process, electrical like, those are all the big cost areas of the endeavor, right? And so now we're kind of talking, I think this is your point. Bill is, we're kind of dealing with window trimming here in terms of the cost of the endeavor. That's that's my concern. Yeah, okay, all right, yeah.

Speaker 5  33:53
If you help us see that, then maybe we what I'm hearing is, I believe that reducing this space on the right is very impactful on your team, possibly schedule, and it's not going to sort of save the dollars that we're expecting to if that's the case, it would be good to look at that data sooner rather than later, and trim off some of the other items that we've identified that are more impactful so that we can revisit this decision. But that being said, I mean, we heard Keith is, you know, with our current perspective, we are that's now phase two. So if we can get a, you know, sharper understanding of the cost reduction on the other items, that could help revisit this.

Speaker 6  34:44
Yeah, yeah, and that would be the aim of next week's workshops. You know, are we going to look at a phase two option that starts at column one seven, for example, that may not be feasible for your purposes?

Unknown Speaker  35:00
Oh, I don't think we can do that. Yeah, no,

Unknown Speaker  35:03
we need the lab space. Yeah, that's

Speaker 6  35:05
just what I meant by it. Just yeah to think about, yeah, got it. And I know you've been had your own efforts in the department ongoing past couple of weeks.

Speaker 5  35:15
So Well, thank you. Good to see everybody I got jump off too, but okay, it's hard

Ryan Hankins  35:41
to explain all the cuts that were made. Well, yeah,

Ryan Abbott  35:44
and I'm what I'm trying to figure out, like I was trying to solve for, like, okay, he needs 50 million on the job. Like he didn't just, you didn't just remove a $50 million building, cut off the wreck. You know what I mean. So I was like, sitting here, like, trying to figure out where the fuck took.

Ryan Hankins  36:07
50 million was gonna come that, yeah? Like, there's, we'll say a couple things. One, like, the whole thing is like a spider web of utility churches, those are just gone. Okay? And what I think, and I think so when you do that,

Ryan Abbott  36:24
you go overhead. They were, you're creating a collateral load on the building, yes, but

Ryan Hankins  36:29
they've already way over engineered. Okay, that's, that's the answer, okay.

Ryan Abbott  36:34
And then, because I was like, Oh, now I've got a mezzanine. That's what I was adding.

Ryan Hankins  36:39
Because, okay, yeah, thorn and Thomas said, I have to respond to that. But they got 250, 300 just for utilities which they don't need. And so part of not challenging them, but I think that's where there was some potential cost reduction opportunity, but

Ryan Abbott  36:59
we did not take it. Yeah, okay. Do you know what I think you should do? This might just on the outside looking in is like, just make yourself a simple calendar and work yourself through like, each one of the because you have to resolve each one of these steps before you can get to the permit. Yeah, and that permit unless he wants us to go at risk, which is kind of weird.

Ryan Hankins  37:28
So for civil permit, we already have

Ryan Abbott  37:31
basically, yeah, but the but you don't even know, like, where to set elevations. So you've got a civil permit, it doesn't really get you much, because you don't know what you're slipping back what you're you know, unless you're planning to run trucks through there twice, which I don't think would be smarter, especially the cost issue. Yeah, you don't want to spend another 3 million in a site.

Unknown Speaker  37:54
So what's the calendar? Well, I'm like, he

Ryan Abbott  37:58
like to get to July 17. Yeah, he needs to know what everything's gonna fucking cost. How do you Yeah, how do you get there? Because you're like, if we like this fuse, like, like, you don't, it could fall out from underneath you if we don't get our

Ryan Hankins  38:16
shit together, almost, like, graphically put together a calendar, like, what the next

Ryan Abbott  38:21
couple weeks looks like, yeah, and what decisions have to be made. Because, listen, if we go to market and we get somebody on board, and then we start flopping these foundations around and shit, like, we're never gonna get there, what he's sort of doing is like, Hey everyone, let's play with fire. And you're like, like, I don't know that you've got enough money for a fire, you know?

Ryan Hankins  38:46
Like, okay, like,

Ryan Abbott  38:47
here's one thing that I'm like, I'm gonna tell you this quick story. So I like, remember the whole giga factory? You know, they ended up, which one, like someone in Reno, yeah, they ended up with two sets of structural steel. Because they they were like, food away. They bought it. And then they went, Oh, fuck. Like, we have all of these collateral loads. And they're like, we're opening dates to opening date. And they just started, like, moving stuff off to the side and buying new that's why this. That's like, You got to have everything in an order here. That makes sense, right? And there's enough northern Tom cities, like, Hey, you got this crane, and I can now remove all of the stuff that was bearing on the ground and move it up to the air. Great. But like that work still has to be done, you

Ryan Hankins  39:41
know what I mean. So I like, where you're going, is this something that you're going to be using in a follow up discussion with Keith?

Ryan Abbott  39:47
Most likely, I think, I think even if it's me or it's gonna be Stantec, but somebody needs to, like, get this so that everyone understands, like, where the Yeah, like, you wouldn't go light up a fusion reactor if you didn't have a way to contain it, yeah? Like, unless we know that we can support your system, like, we shouldn't be ordering steel, right? Yep, for sure, especially if you touch it and then Cory plus your heart, like, is trying to go like, Oh God, I'm gonna get like, I'm gonna get chambers of the

Ryan Hankins  40:29
atmosphere. You know, the like, there are definitely, that's why I brought you guys in. Yeah, it's like, there's some red flags that are just, like,

Ryan Abbott  40:41
navigating this, yeah, so, so, like, like, if you wanted to do mention, like, determining what loads we're taking out of the trenches, okay, move the geometry of the structure to now not have phase two. Order to now

Ryan Abbott  41:06
not have phase two, right? You know? So, like these really big things that arrive at something where we can have some cost surgery that works or that doesn't.

Ryan Abbott  41:22
I or 50 million out of the job.

Ryan Hankins  41:30
I'm actually thinking, we're okay based on all the things that, and I'll show you the whole list, but I'm feeling pretty comfortable. The bigger thing I have is, like, let's say we're going to do this job like the concrete now. Like, that's what I'm now scared about the most on this project,

Ryan Abbott  41:53
because of its location,

Ryan Hankins  41:55
because, because there's only one side. We don't have them signed up. We want to break down the two months, like, we're probably three and a half months. Four months away from concrete, maybe onsite, rebar. We have to go. There's a lot of things that. So I'm going to build that in my schedule as well. What needs to happen? Because I now think that the addition of steel, concrete is now like, one of the most risky things in this project, if we don't want to figure it out. Most risky things on

Ryan Abbott  42:32
this project? Jim, yeah, I totally do. And if you can't tell them what you're doing, and

Ryan Hankins  42:40
then if we go to like, an old concrete who's a local Albuquerque sub, the only one that can do it, we're just going to be like

Ryan Abbott  42:49
flustered, and you're going to tuck them on

Ryan Hankins  42:50
their CSI, well, if they do, if, CSI, okay, that that's what I just heard. That helps me feel a little bit more comfortable, like with flexibility. But, yeah, I just need to travel. We need to figure out I need to work with Jim to get a concrete plan of how we're gonna actually do this stuff.

Ryan Hankins  43:21
Is my hair that different there? Maybe you've been pulling on it a bit. Does it seem that different? Yeah, I got a comment from Abbott and Julie already. She said, It's your it's your bachelor hair. But that's funny.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai