Unknown Speaker  00:00
Her role, but at that point I was not strong, but I think I could do a whole distance.

Speaker 1  00:18
It is not a throw, it's a pull, it's a pull through. You don't throw it, you pull it. It would have been a log for me.

Speaker 2  00:38
You guys ready to dive back in to our list? Okay. we're hoping to get John, which he's to join at the top of this coming

Speaker 3  00:54
hour at 130 I could probably, maybe, if we, if we wanted to pause and drop a check together. Sure, have

Speaker 4  01:10
them come into one of these two workshops, because that's about lower flatness. Is that what we want to talk about?

Speaker 3  01:19
So this is that rehab time bridge crane area.

Unknown Speaker  01:29
Oh yeah, and that would be good for both.

Speaker 2  01:32
I need this bed, the fridge. Yeah, thanks for the reminder. So that's actually a separate workshop link for this afternoon, so I'm just going to start that right now.

Speaker 1  01:51
No, it's actually slightly.. he's starting here. There's an afternoon cube.

Speaker 2  01:57
Yeah, I'm adding Jeremy to this invitation list.

Unknown Speaker  02:18
That's right, that's right, I

Ryan Hankins  02:38
It Food and green, yeah, you can be a little more open

Unknown Speaker  02:45
with Dave, yeah, oh yeah, no, you

Speaker 2  03:46
Okay, so until we have folks on, we'll table the construction type conversations.

Speaker 1  04:00
Oh, Ambrose needs to be seen at his desk, but he asked, Who can include my board? Oh, okay. Thanks. it

Speaker 2  04:40
so the next item on the list is SR 14, which is the column line 10 to 12 phase two shift. I don't think that there's further we could discuss on this right now, unless there are any open-ended list of the conversation

Speaker 1  04:59
I Something I want to just make sure we flag it for when we have Susie on the call, just to double check with Meyers Plus that there's not anything that we're forgetting of it

Speaker 5  05:13
for, which one is Star 14 or 14. Yes, so they have one unit on the group to be or relocated, relocated. There's some piping going in that area.

Unknown Speaker  05:27
There's not an electrical room, right? There's an electrical room,

Speaker 5  05:33
and the fire riser, and the restrooms. Basically, everything in that top corner. Yeah, everything in Marks have been territory Swiss program that needed to be relocated.

Speaker 2  05:46
It's a sketch right now, and then Rebecca, yeah, just due to their availability, that'll be a Thursday. Yeah, touchdown on it. I don't have to take a lot of conversation,

Speaker 2  06:02
I Okay, so I don't think there's any structural component of the admin essentially being one shell, yeah, I

Speaker 2  06:31
Oh, eliminate showcase, so I think this one may be showing up in two places that might be on the BV log right now as well.

Speaker 1  06:59
Okay, so that's I added that note into the PE log basis. I mean, it's what the host side is. What I know, not

Ryan Hankins  07:17
$233,000 Yeah, that's right, yeah, so that way, where are we serving it differently?

Speaker 2  07:27
Well, on the be line, it's true, which we, this is one of those items where our team had already started deleting elements and all associated with Bezonine swim showing as part of the 615 permit package, but then

Unknown Speaker  08:00
as far as the dollars, you guys can

Speaker 6  08:03
keep track of where the savings arranged, so

Speaker 2  08:12
there was steel 286 eliminate CBA RTU, gas mark, this is the one.

Unknown Speaker  08:20
It sounds like there's an opportunity to do

Speaker 3  08:38
this. We haven't received final alignment that this is going to happen. This was just a conversation I had with her, where if we ended up reconfiguring the simplification process is

Speaker 7  08:54
and were able to get them over to the far northwest corner of space, there would be a dedicated call to provide a louver in lieu of what is essentially this, a 218 is solely for the repair that's required because the CDA units exhaust about 115,000 cfm, so there's a thought that we can use that for space heat in the winter, close the louver in summertime, open up the louver.

Unknown Speaker  09:39
I think that for under 50,000

Speaker 6  09:42
was a Gemini favorite, but what

Ryan Hankins  09:54
that's a good number, because I think it's more than that. Well, yeah. I think,

Unknown Speaker  10:03
but if, if you guys remind us,

Unknown Speaker  10:05
as you go through some of the stuff, although

Speaker 3  10:07
I'm trying to go conservative, but yeah,

Speaker 8  10:19
I It's okay. Did you have anything wrong?

Ryan Hankins  10:27
No, I was gonna say, if we want to move it to a, let's just leave it there for you.

Unknown Speaker  10:36
We're good. Yeah, if it's conservative, yeah. Okay, SR 23 800k transporter load on slabs

Speaker 3  10:52
here. There was such a natural impact

Ryan Hankins  11:02
because there's all the other items that have, like, for example, the which item are we reducing the mat slab to five feet, and, like, yeah, when you take into account all the different things, there wasn't that much extra, plus, like, the plates for the trenches, that was majority of the cost, from what I understand, and so we already removed $10 million so we maintain

Unknown Speaker  11:42
well well, the meeting trenches. What was

Unknown Speaker  11:51
the mass lab going down from 16 to five, so it's noted in the settlement testing? the

Speaker 9  12:08
problem we're having in some of these things, like the mat, is that it could be here with the settlement, it could be with the lower flatness, lower development criteria. I don't think it would necessarily come into play with the 800 ton transporter one, but

Speaker 2  12:21
I don't want you guys to be one, but if, for example, you didn't accept this one somewhere else.

Ryan Hankins  12:33
Yeah, I mean, they're all interconnected in their own weird way.

Speaker 7  12:38
Jeremy's reading this is there's only $55,000 then he would want

Speaker 3  12:48
kind of repeating how he sees the world right now, and we eliminated

Unknown Speaker  12:54
all of his losses with the trash replacement on the cost, but if

Speaker 7  13:02
we keep the every 1000 pound transformer on the third grade sections of that slab plan, it

Speaker 8  13:15
basically does not want to remove the integration of every 1000 pounds to the slab.

Ryan Hankins  13:21
true, so let me ask you a

Unknown Speaker  13:29
general understanding that this is maintained.

Ryan Hankins  13:32
So let me ask a question, so like isolating all the rest of the stuff, like if we were to say, hey, let's make it a 400,000 or you know, whatever, 200,000 1000 pound load. The six foot slab would likely stay the six foot slab, regardless, right? The MITL or the MIT L pits are going away. The IMG has modules on it, so like you wouldn't need to put it on there. That's not gonna, so like your slab would like the slab outside of those areas is the one thing that would change outside of the trench covers, and maybe you go from I don't even know what our slab thickness is, but 12 to 10, maybe, and that's what we priced in that 55,000 which is basically like, yeah, so your savings is really in the trench covers, but we've already deleted those out. Think that's the best way to put it, yeah, and

Speaker 7  14:41
I fully understand.

Ryan Hankins  14:42
frankly, based on the discussion we had earlier, I would rather keep that slab for your guys' benefit thicker instead of saving the two inches of concrete on everything outside of the matte slabs fair the

Unknown Speaker  15:08
SR 23.5 was an understanding that the 800

Speaker 3  15:15
colder load is now limited to us at MD schools and those in our new

Unknown Speaker  15:22
design so I imagine that's potentially

Speaker 2  15:36
Mark. What's the what's the time frame on estimating the slab reduction for Quaker

Ryan Hankins  15:57
Mark, you're doing things way too fast. Over the bar, yeah.

Speaker 2  16:33
Okay, so I think the next item is SR 29 on the bridge crane reduction, 400 to 300 so Courtney was that going to be part of the conversation, they should be calling in, I guess that is correct.

Speaker 8  16:56
Oh, there's Neil. Okay. Hi, Neil. Hello.

Speaker 7  17:01
Hello, and you know we're just waiting for Jeremy to hop on. Once he hops on, we can talk prior like safety, and there's some additional items that Jeremy and the team needs to talk through, but we can prioritize the tritium h discussion every Neil, since you're on and you haven't met the rest of the design team, just really quick, Neil, do you want to give a quick intro on who you are and your role?

Speaker 4  17:35
Sure, yeah, so yeah, I'm Neil, I'm a senior assistants engineer for Tritium Systems, so essentially it's the fusion fuel that we'll use to load the targets for the experiments, and so I'm working on the lab space, or the lab equipment that we'll use to prepare those mixtures of fusion fuel, and there's also some kind of contamination control, like waste handling equipment, that will also design. Yeah, so that's kind of it in a nutshell. Yeah, I've been here with the company since November. Previously, I live in our labs doing work in their trading facility there for the National Admission Facility. If you guys aren't familiar with that.

Unknown Speaker  18:25
Great, nice to meet you, Neil.

Speaker 7  18:30
Perfect. And Jeremy, thanks for joining. Why don't we start this conversation with the fire light? So we've got about 30 minutes. The intention of this next 30 minutes was really just kind of decipher the fire life safety need from a triple tritium handling standpoint. So this conversation is going to drive our construction type. We can get into details a little bit after my intro here, but wanting to kind of better understand Jeremy and Neil, some of the spaces that you, if we need h, where those areas would be, and that can help shape the discussion with, I think Joseph used the second piece of this conversation, and Neil, feel free to drop things that you don't need to stay on, Jeremy is really about the 300 ton bridge crane and the level of confidence with where we are with the operations piece to be able to reduce that requirement and start basically essential start working on a solution to redesign

Speaker 7  19:41
the steel I There's also settlement criteria we should probably go over as well, but let's let's start off with the fire life safety piece of this. Jeremy and Neil, based on some of your conversations with Justin Hughes and with some of the folks that you're working with on the training side, can you help us understand where some of these h4 rooms would need to be if they need to be designated h4 rooms?

Speaker 5  20:17
Yeah, we'll have a small enclosure within the target fab room, so just a sub portion of the target fab room. We'll build out another room inside of there in the future.

Speaker 7  20:29
The equipment pit, Jeremy. Really quick, how many square feet inside the target fad room

Speaker 5  20:42
I I mean, as a buffer, we could call it 1000 but I think it's going to be much less. It might only be 504 or 500 square feet,

Speaker 8  21:02
right? okay,

Unknown Speaker  21:08
and other locations

Unknown Speaker  21:11
the equipment fit.

Unknown Speaker  21:16
What portion of square footage in that equipment fit?

Unknown Speaker  21:20
I think we'll have to assume the entire equipment,

Unknown Speaker  21:41
and Jeremy, I'm assuming Cub one, I know we need to change the name, it's not called Comma, but Cub one, Cub two, Cub three would also be

Unknown Speaker  21:52
another handling location,

Unknown Speaker  21:57
possibly, but definitely two and three,

Speaker 8  22:13
so cup two, cup three added at 700

Unknown Speaker  22:17
square feet is probably like

Speaker 8  22:20
2000 maybe. you talking about,

Speaker 5  22:37
for clarification, we're not updating any drawings yet, right? We're leaving the occupancy types as they currently are, and this would be a future upgrade to the building, future change,

Speaker 7  22:49
that's correct. Yeah, well, we're doing the math on this to figure out, you know, there's a lot of speculating right now around,

Speaker 7  23:07
so it looks like we have about 75 8000 square feet, which is right on the border. I don't know how this SIO impacts things, but if we were to revert back to a construction type to be, I think without that SIO, we were limited to about 7000 square feet of h4

Speaker 5  23:35
and so if we take the cup storage one, two, and three, we're building that out at a later date, when we build that area, when we build that as a separate building, technically a separate structure, even though it's attached. I guess it's just fine walls, but yeah, that's correct. I mean, the square footage limitation is greater than 7000 square feet, so long as you're separating them based on this conversation. I'm more concerned about the pit becoming h and would really want John's feedback on what that means, because there's, yeah, because that could complicate the life safety of that pit. I mean, it may be okay as long as we're calling it a not legally occupied space, but it's something that I think we should review with them. I'm sure. So, Rebecca, I think

Speaker 7  24:41
you have a better understanding of how this SIO now impacts. I'm looking at this life safety chart that's used altogether for a long volcano based on construction type and occupancy. So, prior to the SIO, under construction type 2e which is the less rigorous fire proofing scenario, where we don't have to intimate to pay everything just paint with 70,000 square feet, but Rebecca, to your point, what you were saying is under this new SIO any square footage bridge cars force

Speaker 1  25:22
yeah, and I'm referring back, so I think John hasn't been able to join, is that right? John isn't home yet. Okay, I'm referring back to the email that John sent, so I sent kind of my understanding of these three scenarios, and then John was just reiterating that the definition of an SIO is that it is only for low and medium hazard industrial occupancies, and Group H, any of the Group H occupancies are high hazard and therefore can't, you can't have high hazard occupancy in an SIO, so that's we're getting our height allowance exemption because it is an SIO, but if we're adding H occupancy back in, I would hate to make the assumption that that's possible without having an in-depth conversation with the City of Albuquerque to understand what they intend with that SIO, and how, how they would apply it from their, because I know it's a state regulation, but there is some aspect that the city of Albuquerque will make a

Speaker 7  26:34
determination on. Yeah, I think so. I think what John hops on in the later half of this workshop, Jeremy and Jeremy Neal, you're more than welcome to stay on past 2o'clock if you don't have any other meetings to listen in on that conversation, but I think to Rebecca's point, I'm just reiterating this, we need to determine if it is true that no age occupancy is allowed under this SIO. If that's the case, we have to take this back to building safety, and I think this is Deborah's group, and have that conversation with them. When I talked with them a couple days ago last week, they were very unfamiliar that we had had an SIO,

Speaker 1  27:20
even though Deborah is looking for the signing that letter that we had, but I can imagine that in the last year

Speaker 7  27:26
she's done other stuff, so we just have to get them up to speed. I, you know, I do think building safety will find a way to work with us. We just need to have this conversation, so we'll have this conversation with John. We'll reaffirm what I think already.

Speaker 3  27:44
No, I think we should set up a call with Deborah covered in the next couple of days.

Unknown Speaker  27:49
I can work that in the background. Okay. Great.

Speaker 5  27:56
Well, I guess, should we have this discussion now, or is this discussion really about the building? What was it, the building class, the 1b to B?

Speaker 7  28:11
That's right. And this, so the future use of this, Jeremy is really going to drive, which we pick, and we don't, we don't want to speculate on this, and then set you up for failure, not basically, if we pick a construction type and we find out that your trim use areas, that 8000 square feet is not allowable under the construction type that we pick, that's going to cause problems for you in the future, so there's a little bit more work we can do right now on the front end, Jeremy, instead of completely kicking the can and making it your problem, I think we can have this conversation with Deborah and help guide a better level of confidence why we would be picking one over the other, because 1b comes with a price tag about $4 million 2b will be less invasive, but again, I don't want to set you

Unknown Speaker  29:06
up for a headache in the future.

Speaker 7  29:08
Yeah, but that's up to you, Jeremy. If basically, what you.. if you want to, you know, that's a risk that the machine install team could carry. We can go one cost-effective solution, but yeah, 1b

Speaker 5  29:26
limited us to how many square feet of H occupancy.

Speaker 7  29:31
So, Jeremy, under the SIO, we received a special industrial occupancy to achieve the height that we needed for Pacific Foods, Clear Height, and the bridge crane under that SIO. We are no longer allowed to have any age occupancy in the building. That's the way we're interpreting the code, based on John's feedback from Justin Hughes. Yep, but I do think building safety, who signed off on the SIO, will work with us, knowing very well that the original code for type 2b construction allowed up to 70,000 square feet of h4 I think there's an opportunity. It's separated,

Speaker 5  30:16
and that's the challenge with the PET, and all that could get very complicated, because you have openings between those spaces. I think it's an easier achievement if you have, like, a separate area outside the building. It gets really complicated when you're putting these h areas in the middle of your building. And how do we.. it may or may not even be achievable with type two.

Unknown Speaker  30:44
I completely understand. I think

Unknown Speaker  30:47
I'm going to step way back out and look at

Speaker 7  30:51
the intentions of the city of Albuquerque, and why we landed this project in Albuquerque. We landed a fusion project in Albuquerque, knowing very well that the jurisdiction was going to work with us, and we have a precedent with San Diego right next door, so I'm assuming they're aware that some of the black and white code associated with typical industrial is absolutely not going to be what we need for atypical fusion facility, I do think Denver's gonna work with us. We just need to have that conversation, but it's a risk.

Speaker 1  31:29
Yeah, I think having the conversation is gonna help bring it into alignment, and yeah, I think it kind of some of it is subjective. That's why it makes it.. it's really hard for us to try and give the direction, because there is that subjective piece of how they're, how the HJ is gonna interpret it, and and what they're, what they're gonna say about it. So I think that makes it challenging for us. We try and give the what we understand to be the risk, but yeah, I think the conversation is going to help a lot. That 7000 square foot age occupancy. Yeah, so potentially getting it down to me in the cub, it seems like an easy place to is John. No, in the cup it seems like an easier place to have that separated than in the in the equipment pit, but

Unknown Speaker  32:20
submit it. yeah,

Speaker 4  32:25
sure, yeah, so I guess maybe, and we talked briefly about it working with you, you and me and Jeremy were chatting, but I guess maybe I think a question would probably, and I won't claim to be an expert on building codes, but making sure, h actually is applicable, you know, specific to talk to chemical toxicity, right. It's got like LD 50 numbers for all these different, you know, you know, things, and or exposure times, or like from from that perspective, so you know we're radioactive material is licensed by the Raise Control Bureau, kind of, it's not really a tox, it's, it's a hazard, but it's not a toxic hazard, that makes sense, so that might be something to investigate, as if it is a problem to have the PIT classified as h4 you know,

Speaker 1  33:20
is it, does it actually have to be testified first place? I think would be worthwhile to figure out

Speaker 7  33:26
for sure. Yes. Thank you for that reset, Neil. And that's the way I've been communicating things, I was saying, for the last 18 months. What kind of threw me off was really John's from Jensen Hughes, his feedback relative to his experience with radio isotopes, so you know, Neil, I think to your point, we really need to, we shouldn't go into the jurisdiction saying, "Hey, are we going to need h4 occupancy? I think we start off the conversation with a church versus a state separation, we are going to be under a completely different license that will determine whether or not areas are suitable to handle the volume and risk profile of this radio isotope, and we need to modify the building to be able to accommodate that. This falls outside the jurisdiction requirements, but I think we need to have that level of confidence that the city is not going to take any kind of oversight, or, or have I just want to make sure you guys don't get tripped up down the road, if that makes sense. So, to your point, Neil, I think really nailing down whether or not this triggers jurisdiction or h4 requirements is the first question we need John to help us to answer outside of the city conversation, like John. I think John really needs to have us answer that question, and if he's, if he's not comfortable answering that, then we'll approach it to present that to Deborah, but I think in a more mindful manner.

Unknown Speaker  35:09
Okay, so we're not solving

Speaker 7  35:11
the fire life safety question just yet. We'll wait till John hops on, we'll get some feedback from him. I will set up the meeting with Deborah and have relevant folks on that call to kind of get to the bottom of this, I think. After that call with Deborah,

Speaker 3  35:29
we should, we should be able to figure out what construction type

Unknown Speaker  35:40
is outside of my little house. It's like, it's like

Unknown Speaker  35:48
I will defer to the experts.

Speaker 7  35:52
Okay, yeah. So, Neil, I appreciate you. You're more than welcome to hang on. You know, John's probably gonna hop on in the next 10 minutes, and we'll kick off that next work work session with this topic. If you'd like to hang in there, otherwise, Jeremy, if you can stay on the next little bit. Let's talk settlement and 300 ton bridge rate. Let's start off with 300 ton bridge crane. Jeremy, I know you're having a lot of conversations with Echo and the machine install team. What is the likeliness that we are going to pivot and design to a 300 ton capacity bridge crane

Unknown Speaker  36:41
right now? Let's likely to go. go to a pretend grain,

Unknown Speaker  36:46
okay? If that's the case,

Speaker 7  36:50
that's good, because you know we're not at our price target yet, where Keith wants us to be, but I think now we're talking about the opportunity to resent seal, obviously scenario 200

Speaker 7  37:18
lots. so Jeremy, what we were talking about as part of this effort and work session over the next couple days, we're going to see if we can throw a whack to the tonnage that we can save, and footing sizes that would be reduced, the slab on grade, and the mass slab that could potentially be reduced, and we'll throw a wag at it. We just need probably the next couple of days to really figure that out, but that's going to help us find more savings. Jeremy, when will you formally and finally know when this is an opportunity for us to explore?

Unknown Speaker  38:11
I have one last meeting on Thursday.

Unknown Speaker  38:17
All right, so I'll, Leah, maybe we can update the notes

Unknown Speaker  38:28
Thursday, end of day Thursday, midday.

Speaker 7  38:37
Okay, we are also talking about eliminating the 75 ton auxiliary voice, since we're talking about redesigning this deal in the R&D space, removing that auxiliary voice

Speaker 3  38:54
is the 75 ton train

Speaker 2  39:00
removal still part of scenario two, like it's actually crossed out on here.

Speaker 1  39:05
It is not an option for scenario one or

Speaker 2  39:19
scenario two, however. So just to capture Courtney, you're at a SR 35 We will not be removing 75 ton auxiliary ones.

Speaker 7  39:33
We will. So this is this has been approved, but so the 70 time five ton grade has a primary employees that supports the 75 tons, I think we also have a much smaller, like 15 ton auxiliary place within the trolley footprint. We're just removing the auxiliary hoist on both cranes, it saves us about $200,000 of material cost, just the footprint cost, so It still

Speaker 7  40:12
maybe we can go, so I think with the remainder of the time that we have, Jeremy, let's talk through all the risks associated with settlement criteria and some of the scenarios, the design team is kind of kicking around.

Ryan Hankins  40:28
Would you like to convey? I would like to, like, I'd like to go sit with Mark for, like, an hour before we have the discussion with Jeremy, just to make sure, like, I'm not a settlement expert by any means, but I'd like to, I'd like to just walk through it with Mark at a more molecular level, that's reasonable ask, but I don't know if you want to do it now or if you want to do it later Thursday, but just while we're here, I think we should definitely

Unknown Speaker  41:08
do we need crack and or not.

Ryan Hankins  41:12
I would love to keep both of them out of the initial discussion for right now. I want Mark and I to be aligned, and then and then we can start in integrating the other guys,

Speaker 5  41:26
so I will add it. I think we've had some miscommunication on different terminology over the time period I've been talking about settlement here from a operations and machine installation standpoint, I'm not too concerned about how much it settles before we install the machine, or I guess really after we install the machine and load up 75% of the img weight, I'm only concerned once we make that final connection of the pulse tubes between the water tank and the IMGs, and so Craig sent over the data last night, looking at what the current settlement would be before that final connection and after that final connection, and the numbers looked great to me. Yeah, I don't think we need to be concerned about preloading the foundation at all, unless there's something that I'm not under aware of, but we'll install the water tank, fill the water tank up in water, let it sit there for a week, install the IMGs, weight them up to 75% of their final load, let them sit there realistically a month or two, and then we'll make the final connections, but it's only after we make that final connection that we need to maintain three eights of an inch of settlement.

Speaker 7  43:01
Yeah, Jeremy, I think there's.. I think we've kind of scratched the surface a little bit on pre-loading and settlement criteria. I think to Ryan's point, Jeremy, give us some time to organize our thoughts a little bit better. Ryan, I suggest let's just put the little bulletin presentation together. Yeah, we do have this conversation, Jeremy, what I'm going to set up a separate call with probably you and Echo to help you guys understand the risks that we're now taking on with machine install, eliminating some of some of these items, including waterproofing, so we can wrap this topic into that discussion, but yeah, right, no problem. We'll give you some more time to work with Mark, and we'll pull our thoughts together and memorialize them to help you better understand what this actually means, pre preloading, post preloading, and then during the machine install, including when those full students come in. I think there's a lot more.

Speaker 5  44:07
Yeah, where I'm going is, do we need reloading? Yes, yes, 100%

Ryan Hankins  44:17
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, if we, if we wait till you go, like there's like, there's so much, there's, there's no way I'll explain it to you, but give me, give me some time to put a presentation together.

Speaker 7  44:34
I don't want to get halfway into this. Yeah, Jeremy, it's maybe this is something that was kind of lost in translation, but the numbers that Craig is putting in front of us, the 41 thousandths of an inch that you're seeing is based on a

Speaker 5  44:52
pre-release scenario. I guess I saw that it was going to settle a little over an inch once we install the equipment, but once we add that additional 25% it settles an additional 40 1000s, but that's assuming then that we did preloading before that initial inch of settlement.

Speaker 7  45:16
No, so the way I'm reading that is that inch comes out because of preloading, and so anything, no,

Speaker 5  45:27
the numbers he provided were assuming that we installed the water tank, installed the imgs, and that installation effort was the preloading, and then we had a little more weight to add after the fact, but that last little bit of weight, which really is the full speed connection, didn't change the settlement very much. Here it is, there would be an additional settlement somewhere of another inch or two inches that weren't accounted for that would have been taken up by preloading

Unknown Speaker  46:11
machine installed,

Speaker 5  46:19
that's what I'm getting at, is I think that we have a terminology difference here. Yes,

Speaker 9  46:29
Jeremy, at one point in time, you had mentioned that there was an overall total deflection to our total settlement criteria. Is that, is there no total settlement criteria that really apply? It's really just that different states correct.

Speaker 5  46:52
The requirement that I really have is the final placement of the water tank and the IMGs has to be plus or minus point four inches when we make the pulse tube connection, and then once we make that pulse tube connection, we can't have that differential, the great differential settlement between those two slats be greater than three eighths of an inch.

Unknown Speaker  47:17
Okay, and then the first part of that At the point four inch part,

Speaker 9  47:27
in order to achieve that, you would be pre-setting things high. If they're going to settle an inch,

Speaker 5  47:36
if we know they're going to set, you know, taking it to an extreme, if we know they're going to settle two or three inches, we would set everything high by that amount, let it settle, and then make that connection.

Speaker 9  47:51
Okay, let Ryan and I discuss and go through it, and

Speaker 7  47:58
we'll do that again. Perfect. Thank you. Applause. and then the, so I think we've all agreed, so moving on to the next topic, which is 100,000 contractor load, so the the design team at Playgo, we all kind of talked through this, a lot of the savings here was really taken out of another scope reduction items, which I think you recognize, Jeremy. So, the only thing that's really left, it is close to that 55 roughly $55,000 in material costs. If we're just reducing the slab upgrade, it doesn't seem worth it, but it does sound like Jeremy, we can live in the transporter from going into the IMG service area, which would give us another 10 $20,000 back and reduce lab on grade. So I think we're all lying, we're all saying the same thing. SR 23 doesn't give us much back. There's no reason

Ryan Hankins  49:09
to do it. Yeah, yeah, I mean, if, if, if Mark is confident and Craig is confident in the geo tech's confident, then yeah, I'd say let's not, let's not do this, or let's just stay the course. The bigger, the bigger Delta, Jeremy was in those trench cover removals, because not, they were just being designed for worst case scenario, because you wanted the 800,000 pound transported to go everywhere, and so those were those were beefy when we deleted those, you know that that cost is already removed in the sun.

Unknown Speaker  49:59
Hey John, I Going all right. Thanks for joining,

Ryan Hankins  50:09
and Jesse, do you guys need like 30 minutes to talk through this? Yes, maybe me and Mark go. Is that right, Mark? You want to break out?

Speaker 2  50:29
Yeah, we'll find one. Yeah, so for staying on, Neil and Jeremy John

Unknown Speaker  50:39
and Jesse are both intense and

Ryan Hankins  50:54
use for, oh, the fun, the fun keeps going,

Ryan Hankins  51:02
little. little bit left, we got a room, we got this one. This one's cool.

Ryan Hankins  51:18
That room's like getting hotter. Yeah, I see why you want to delay? Yeah. Oh, yeah, that too. So I think you understand where I'm coming from with the fact I think Jeremy's thinking about this, like, oh, people are telling me that it's good, so it's good. Yeah, but like, theoretical is different than actual. Yes. And then, like, you don't control things that he's doing, I don't control things he's doing, and so, like, even if we're perfect and he still screws up, yes, then like, it's still gonna be like we're gonna be the middle of

Unknown Speaker  51:50
it, yeah, no, that's true,

Ryan Hankins  51:52
and how we measure, and, and where we measure, and who's measuring, and like, I mean, I almost look at this as like acceptance criteria type thing,

Speaker 9  52:02
yeah, yeah. No, you have to get down that level, right, of being like these are the exact points that you're gonna measure, these exact points you're gonna care about, and yeah,

Ryan Hankins  52:13
so, and how comfortable are you with what Craig's given you? Just like, just shoot me straight.

Speaker 9  52:21
Well, I what I can't figure out about what Craig was given, is he gave the part around the, he didn't give the thing in the middle, so I don't quite understand that our numbers, I just got the new ones this morning, and I haven't looked like he changed, we got new spring sentences, so I just got the new values today this morning, and I haven't quite sorted that out or figured it out yet. I didn't think that we were, I didn't think that we were within three days of an inch or quite as low as what, but I also don't think that we're quite at the same set of loading exactly the same way, because it's changed a little bit, so that most of the load is now on early, so yeah, I'm not, not sure about that. The other part that we've been a little bit like behind on a little bit on our side is that the part of the concrete that's over the pit, the equipment pit, will have some long-term some deflection in that, yeah, have long-term sagging in that, and we've got part of that in, so we haven't quite gotten it right necessarily, and so that part might be bigger and isn't necessarily what Craig is including, like it doesn't show up in Craig's, shows up only in ours, and it's like three steps down our process, so that part makes me a little bit nervous in terms of the part directly under the tank, and the part that actually directly supporting the target, by the way, is the part that's going to settle, so that's one thing that isn't getting added in when Craig sends something over and says, "Hey, it's great, you know, it's like, but there's a couple other things, so, and I don't really want to say this, but I think that they should be looking at our results for the settlement. They're aligned with Craig's, but I think there's a little bit more that we've put in because of the concrete behavior. So it's probably our stuff that's unfortunately a little bit more important. I wish it was Craigs. I wish it just be like, here Craig and take it. Well, that's

Ryan Hankins  54:19
why, like, I'm looking like right now he's underneath Paige. Oh, he's not underneath us. So, like, I'm also looking at this, like, oh, like, what does Paige want him to do? But eventually I'm going to hear him and inherit his contract, and maybe just totally like, like I'm scared of this, and like, you guys are a structural engineer. Yeah, I, I also don't really understand exactly where, like, my risk lands, to be totally honest with you, and, like, how much you're taking responsibility for, how much, how much the geotech, or the versus the geotech, versus geo peer versus Jeremy. I mean, there's this, there's this whole monstrosity of, like, as far as stuff gets fucked

Speaker 9  54:59
up, as far as the risk, yeah, that is this is like the shit place for risk, right? It's like if something does happen, we're gonna point the geostate guy, the geosync guys gonna point us, we'll just be sitting there pointing fingers the whole time, right? Exactly. So, yes, the other thing is, we've been involved in a little bit of work here for foundation settlement issues here projects in Albuquerque. Yeah, so we're internally doing a review of geotechnical, just to make sure that we're not falling into the same steps as what happened on the other project. Right now, it's an investigation and litigation, so it's a different group within TT. So, so we're working with them, you know. I've reached out to them, and we're having them review our everything we're getting to make sure that we're not kind of falling in the same boat. But from our standpoint, there's just a little bit more risk in the area because of the soils.

Ryan Hankins  55:53
Well, I mean, water, right?

Unknown Speaker  55:55
The water, yeah, you're

Ryan Hankins  55:56
putting 22 million gallons of water

Speaker 9  55:59
over soil. If it gets funny, goes to

Ryan Hankins  56:03
hell, right? Yeah, I mean, like, I think looking at maybe worst case of what that looks like, I think would be helpful, maybe not worst case, but order of magnitude of, like, Jeremy, here's your risk, yeah, yeah, I don't want to scare him and not doing it, but part of me, and I've, I've mentioned this to Craig before, because I think Craig likes geo appears. Is like, are caissons a better solution underneath this, or they don't matter? Yeah, is

Speaker 9  56:33
it not every time we've talked about it, it's been like, geez, that's way more expensive. So, consider right, but like

Ryan Hankins  56:38
Craig keeps telling me, whenever I say to us, no, no, you don't need to do, you don't need to do caissons, like we can, we can do with geo peers, yeah, but like, how much is that scope really worth to them? Yeah, I almost want to scare the shit out of them, so they fucking stops it, and then we just go overboard with like a case on option or something like that, where that we feel

Speaker 9  56:55
overly secure. Sure, the part I don't quite know about caissons, and we've never gotten far enough into it to figure it out. Is if you're actually can get through the bad sand soils and get to something that's better that wouldn't be affected, so that you can say, okay, if settlement does happen, or if the water flows through and causes the sand to collapse, whatever, that you still have enough capacity, it doesn't actually still pull things down, or whatever, right? So, yeah, probably the question to ask, have a geo peer review, is the reviewer comment on, right?

Ryan Hankins  57:35
So, who would you recommend with peer

Speaker 9  57:38
review on this? We always recommend Lincoln, Langan.

Unknown Speaker  57:42
Okay, sweet. Yeah, I know those guys.

Speaker 9  57:45
Yeah, we always recommend them for peer reviews. Which office I can figure out. I know they have one in Denver. I know they.. I think they have one in Phoenix. I don't know if they have one here, but

Ryan Hankins  57:59
I can make a couple connections and get because the other scary thing is like I'm telling you what we think we should do, yeah, but like I don't fucking

Speaker 9  58:09
know, yeah, and I agree, like I don't know if you

Ryan Hankins  58:13
even like what I've told you guys so far, if you think it's dumb, but I

Speaker 9  58:17
think the thought about, well, first of all, I think that Jeopers is a hell of a lot better than the geotechnical solution, which was excavated and compact, and all that stuff that was, I think, caissons or jumpers, whatever does seem to be like a very bit more of a sure fire fail proof solution, as long as it does actually mitigate that collapsible soil, and just not like, oh, we're bearing on the same soil, it's just different or lower or something. So, yeah, is there? Then the hard part about that one is you'd have to be doing caissons over all of that area that's in the eye shape, right? Oh, the whole loss, right? Like, because otherwise you still end up being the same, the same boat, Billy.

Ryan Hankins  59:06
That's fair. Yeah, it's interesting. I didn't think about that. So you don't seem to be as scared as what I'm thinking.

Speaker 9  59:19
Not quite. I think that if we can get the, if we can get them to do the sequencing right, that we can get it to be within the acceptance range that

Ryan Hankins  59:28
they're looking for. What is your opinion on when our scope stops? Is it when we get done pre-loading? That's a good question.

Speaker 9  59:38
I mean, it should be like, hey, we sign off at completion of when they've connected the pulsar tubes, which is probably later than what you, you'd like it to be, because you know you have nothing to do with anything from step

Ryan Hankins  59:54
three to 15 of that, right? And how do I verify that their load is exactly what they did it was, and then, like, after it's already set, like, what am I going to do? Each individual,

Speaker 9  1:00:05
but so the other thing, I guess we should probably be able to do. You have the water tank in, right? That's what installing water tank and filling it. No, no, sweet.

Ryan Hankins  1:00:16
I don't want to do any of that. Oh man, I'm scared to death. It was funny. We were looking at it, thinking we were potentially gonna do it, and then after I learned more, like with the fact that they're there, they're casting this something, you know, I was like, we don't want anything to do it. And then I made them put that tunnel in, because I was worried about, yeah, you know, it just.. I don't want to have to come back, and that's it.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:41
Okay. Well, where does your scope bed just pouring concrete?

Ryan Hankins  1:00:47
So that's where I'm like, I'm not saying that I'm asking you to back me up. I'm just asking that maybe you say, hey, like, am I am I thinking about it right? I think I am, but and that's going to be my reasonable push point with Courtney and Nick, but yeah,

Speaker 9  1:01:03
yeah, because there won't be anything that you can like if you said, okay, we have a criteria set out to measure it at a certain time, there won't be anything that you can say that's within your scope, then to be like, hey, it's actually performing the way we want it to, so it was going to kind of walk back and be like, oh, if you're putting the tank in, like, you put the tank in, and if it performs the way we expect it to, then everything's good, even if you haven't seen the downstream, but yeah, you're just gonna be like, oh, we place the concrete where you, where you wanted it, yeah, so exactly, which I think is where you need to be, like, hey, that's that's that's the end of ours,

Ryan Hankins  1:01:45
so we're so like with your like, where is TTS like boundary of responsibility in this whole thing, because with geo

Speaker 9  1:01:55
peers, so gray, yeah, right, so great, right, well, not even that, like, you know, you have a nice cut off. Okay, we've gotten to this point right. We're helping them with some of the machine stuff, we're helping them with some of the other parts, and it's really that part is not actually that clear to us, because for various elements they'll do the design, like the AMD canisters, those wine rack things. Yeah, like they're doing the design for those.

Ryan Hankins  1:02:26
I can't believe that. That is ridiculous. Can't either. That's the most ridiculous

Speaker 9  1:02:31
thing I've heard of. Every time we look at it, we're like, oh, it's not going wherever, that's fine. It's, it's stout, but they're doing design of that, and they've asked us a couple questions about, like, how do we get this through permitting, whatever. I'm like, okay, we'll review your calcs and comment on them and give them back to you. You can keep responsibility for it, whatever. And then, but there's other things like those frames that support the pulsar tubes that connect through, right? They started the design event, and then they're like, we're going to hand that off to you at some point, so then we'll take on the design of that, those racks, and we'll like, so okay, so but at one point in time we had a spreadsheet that was like, these are all the elements, this is going to be the Zuke design, this is going to be TT design, this is going to be, you know, design assist on our behalf, and they'll, you know, like there were like three categories of, and then a lot of things changed in that spreadsheet got taken away because there was a specific condition known, and they were like totally tweaking the things, they just took it away, so now I don't even have that that guidance as far as what what's in whose scope, so, and we have a contract right now to actually figure out that scope, but because of all this stuff going on, that part is kind of on hold, so

Ryan Hankins  1:03:50
that's why I'm like, you know, Jeremy's talking to us about two components, the img and this that in the middle there, I agree, someone said it really could probably shim it, yeah, but I mean, like, what happens if, like, you know, like, what happens if they're in the middle of, like, installing everything, they're just shoes, and they're like, oh, must be the, must be the pad, must be, you know what I mean, like, the whole thing seems a little wonky, it almost seems like the settlement criteria should be that hourglass shape, I think we didn't. We go back to an I beam.

Speaker 9  1:04:25
Remember, I almost feel like it should be the hourglass. It should be the.. I thought I'll have to go back to see what Echo said. I was.. no, you're right. She did come back and say it's the eyeshade, but I think it's the hourglass shape.

Ryan Hankins  1:04:37
I think it should be the hourglass. I think we should preload the whole thing, okay? And I think we should probably..

Unknown Speaker  1:04:43
your term of preloading is like just putting weight on it, just putting weight on, okay? Like bringing in

Ryan Hankins  1:04:50
plates or whatever it is. The only thing is, like, you know, Jeremy's given us 26 million pounds, yeah. From a structural engineer perspective, like that's a shitload of weight. That is a lot of weight. Like, how are we supposed to even get that? Yeah, exactly. But I don't want to wait until they're installing their equipment, I guess. I think that's the mean. Wouldn't you agree that's bad? Like, we want to, like, see some of that settlement beforehand,

Speaker 9  1:05:14
pour the topping slab. The hard part, and this was the last part that Jeremy said, was that even if, even if there's preloading, either case, ignoring the three eighths inch settlement, differential settlement criteria, he has a maximum criteria, and I don't know what it's relative to, I haven't figured that out, the maximum criteria of point four inches, which is just that much more than three eighths of an inch, yeah, but that's like maximum settlement criteria, and the question I was asking at the end is he's going to like super sell everything, yeah, so the ends at within point four, but that's like pretty specific, that's a really tight range to hit with a total settlement,

Ryan Hankins  1:06:05
so it really, and really they say it's this to this, but really it's this to this to this. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, so what?

Speaker 9  1:06:13
What he, when he was saying, hey, it's threes of an inch differential, I think that you could do that based on just putting all the equipment in place and then making those last connections and three eights of an inch differential settlement, you're probably fine with, because you're not really changing the weight much after that, or but when he says I need it to be within point four inches of some datum when it's done, well then you actually have to know that the settlement calcs are right, because you're going to preset everything up, so if you're expecting an inch of settlement, you're going to preset everything up point five or whatever, have to think through that, maybe more like point seven or something, and then make sure it settles the right amount, and that one's the one that's the hardest to figure out, because it might not settle as much as you want to, or the way you want it to, but for a differential summit, you should be like, okay, it should all settle wrong the same way, but for something that's an absolute selling like one four inches, that one's the really tough one, I think today, so and that's why it is the one that I think

Ryan Hankins  1:07:29
is, and that's why, like, you know, if you look at the img versus the, that's why we're saying, like, hey, like, the only way this works is if we pour the full depth, pour full depth, pour full depth, leave rebar sticking up like you guys said, you know, try to preload it as much as possible, get it to set so that everything is even, and then go back and do a tapping, because even getting fffl of anything with six foot of

Unknown Speaker  1:08:03
and FL, and that area makes no sense to me,

Ryan Hankins  1:08:05
but whatever. Yes, yeah, I mean, that's what I was like, I'll give it to you, like, whatever I give you, but, like, you may not be happy, yeah, if you're not happy, then, like, I don't want to fix it, yeah, so I do think that this, I think this is the right solution for us to achieve their goals, I think that means we have to preload, and then there's that component of this slab that infills, you know, do we pour that a little high, knowing it's going to settle, or do we pour it just even with the settled, the settled mat slabs? Yeah, I think there's probably a calculation

Speaker 9  1:08:41
there somewhere. Yeah, no, I agree. I think if you've done these this set already, I don't know what the preloading is for this area.

Ryan Hankins  1:08:50
You guys aren't technically responsible for that, but like Jeremy's got to realize that like there's something there, and maybe it's just shimming, but there's something there he has to do.

Speaker 9  1:08:58
Yeah, exactly. If you were able to preload that before you put a slab, then you pour the last foot all the way across, including that part. Yeah, that would seem pretty,

Ryan Hankins  1:09:06
pretty good. So, we preload the ground, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:10
Sure, I think so. I don't see why not.

Ryan Hankins  1:09:14
We were thinking about crane counter weights. I don't know if you can find enough crane counter weights in the world to do that. Yeah, I still don't know how we're going to do that, and frankly, so do you think we should be responsible for preloading? I go back on this all the time too, like, do we really want to be responsible for preloading? Well, I think because we're the geo peer designer, I think we probably have to, yeah, I think so. That's where I go back to. I mean, this is like my easy way to cop out, so don't take this the wrong way. But I'm like, hey, let's just do caissons, because if we feel, if you feel super comfortable with caissons, or you can get super comfortable, then like, like I'm like, that's the easy solution here. Let's just do that, yeah. And I'll have Craig still do the outside, you know, foundations and stuff like that, but for this we'll just, we'll let it just be case

Speaker 9  1:10:06
signs, okay? Yeah, I mean, I think we'd have to have a little bit of a conversation with somebody, just make sure that we think it's doing what we wanted to do, right, for caissons, but if you didn't think to me that seems like that seems like a much more realistic answer response, or much more surefire

Ryan Hankins  1:10:26
response, and I know you said, and I, you know, this is gray area right now, not saying I want to throw all the responsibility on you guys, but I do think that's better in the long term, rather than having like just all these fingers pointing, and frankly, if you guys like, I said, over design the god of it, I don't care, like, you know, do whatever you think you need to get comfortable, like, I'm fine with that.

Speaker 9  1:10:49
Yeah, I feel like we kind of did that a little bit here, now we're having to like pull some of that back, so showing some savings, that's

Ryan Hankins  1:10:57
why I was, that's why I was scared when you said remove like a foot and a foot and a half from the walls. I was like, the thing is,

Speaker 9  1:11:05
we, because of this foot kind of that you're adding on, you want to do on the top, we actually designed this for five feet thickness. So our thought is, if we can take out essentially that top foot, we know it actually works for five feet, gotcha, because

Speaker 9  1:11:22
does that help or hurt your team? What's that? Settlement, probably the thinner slab hurts it just a little bit, but

Ryan Hankins  1:11:38
so now the question is, how do we move forward? Like, how do you think we get through this? Because right now I do think that we're just kind of in the middle, yeah, and just like not really doing anything, yeah. What do you think in terms of like a path forward to like getting this to.. I don't trust Craig, yeah, yeah, not that I don't trust him, if he's really good at what he does, yeah, but like you said, three eighths, that's not typical.

Speaker 9  1:12:10
Yeah, but yeah, what I was hoping that we could do was to be able to really talk to everybody with like the sequence that we want to put this in, or that wants to be installed, and be like these are the things we're talking about, whether it's we're actually going to literally preload and show a diagram saying that we're actually stacking weights on it to preload it, and we're going to take those away, or we're actually going to install them the machine in some way, and let it sit there a bit, and then connect it, and these are, and then associate the like settlement diagrams with each of those, because I don't think people are quite on the right topic, on the right understanding there for the same understanding conversation, so I was thinking that would help a little bit, and we're trying to work on that on our side a little bit. I think the point four inches of the foot of overall settlement is going to be the one that, like, really does push it into, hey, this isn't working, kind of thing. Is it working? It is not working, because I don't know that. Well, actually, sorry, we can probably get it to work, because we could preset things to the right place, but that seems really iffy. Yeah, so I think that that part of the conversation is the one that we need to try to focus on, and I haven't, yeah, haven't looked enough at the numbers to figure out how that actually works, or what the answer would be. So, can I ask a favor? Yeah, could you take the lead on? Yeah, we can, we can work on that one. So, yes.

Ryan Hankins  1:13:56
Okay, because I, what I don't want to do is keep muddying the. it's almost better if, like, like I'm supporting, sure, yeah, I'm not a structural engineer, yeah, but if you take the lead with, like, here's, here's what I see, and then I'm supporting you, yeah, but in all the discussions,

Speaker 9  1:14:11
what may be helpful is that if I connect with Langan or whoever and get you the contact information, if you go down that route, absolutely, good luck to, yeah, especially since they'll come under your contract eventually, if it benefits you.

Ryan Hankins  1:14:25
I'm really thinking hard about trying to get this to go to caissons. Gotcha. Yeah, okay. And this is open book. Sure, I mean, like, you guys are structural engineer in the

Speaker 9  1:14:40
country that would be the other conversation I would have with Lincoln, actually, because we would go talk to him and say, hey, does it make sense as June today? Can we, or geopolitical, can we achieve three inch differential settlement? Is that reasonable, and would case on this, give us what we want, or make it more surefire thing. Yeah, and generally with our, with our interactions with them, they'll tell us that, even if they're not on board on the project, or they'll come up in terms of peer review. Perfect. Yeah, yeah. So let me take that. I'll get those connections, and then I'll probably, I'll give you the connection, and you can kind of start to talk to him about, like, period, but we'll probably have a conversation with them on the backside, anyway.

Ryan Hankins  1:15:29
So, you're understanding where I'm coming from?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:32
Yeah, no, I understand. Yeah, yeah. And so

Ryan Hankins  1:15:35
it's not like I'm just, yeah, I mean, it's just, it's, it's a.. I don't.. I trust Craig, but I don't know if I trust Craig with this much risk. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, his contract for design is 20 grand. His contract for design build geo peers is like a million bucks. Oh, wow! Okay, this thing goes wrong, yeah, and we're talking multiple

Speaker 9  1:16:04
multitudes of that. That's the other thing I honestly don't quite understand, is if they're so sensitive to that point, for whatever the number is, what does it really mean to them if they don't achieve it? Yeah, I mean,

Ryan Hankins  1:16:24
yeah, I guess, but we're having all these conversations, and we're like, oh, well, they're just gonna take the risk on the water, and I was thinking, like, like, and they were talking about that pipe just being cast in the slab. I was like, every decision you're making is betting your company, yeah, like, if this doesn't work, and like, something fails, like, you guys are going under.

Speaker 9  1:16:45
The crazy thing is, it could be that, like, these little things that all kind of add up that don't quite work, or, like, oh, you're off by point four five inches instead point four inches, and then your experiment doesn't work. Yeah, but you don't actually know that it's, oh, we're off by point four or five. It's just like, oh, that didn't work. Yeah, what to fix? Don't want to do differently.

Ryan Hankins  1:17:07
It's like, it's like, what are you gonna do? Bust up six feet of concrete and it goes right again, right?

Speaker 9  1:17:12
Lift up the thing full of water, get it set to the right elevation.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:16
So, car jack, as

Unknown Speaker  1:17:18
somebody said earlier, yeah,

Ryan Hankins  1:17:21
mud jack, car jack, all the same thing. Yeah, so yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:26
got it. We can know this little bit, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  1:17:30
And, dude, you guys have.. I have not seen a structural reserve be as accommodating for stuff. Cool, you guys are. you guys are definitely, I know you guys have been in a really tough spot with just them not making up their mind on stuff, but you guys have just knocked it out. Keep it up and frame, dude. Can't Ken, there's not that many positive people in construction.

Speaker 9  1:18:05
There's been a couple times where he's like been talking down the conversation, and it starts going down. Oh, that's pretty good. I thought it was, or, oh, you're gonna do that, and you'll just like see his eyes getting big. Oh, I didn't know that. Oh boy, yeah, exactly.

Ryan Hankins  1:18:35
Oh my gosh, it's like 10 degrees hotter in here than it is in the conference room next door, this thing

Speaker 1  1:18:44
I didn't realize. Okay, so it turned on, so I'm hoping it

Speaker 3  1:18:52
may really leave the door and open for a bit.

Ryan Hankins  1:19:08
Work, there's Tea Bonner, there's Java,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:18
there's IPA down there, that's what I was saying.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:21
There's this one, it'll work for like 30 minutes. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:31
we, you missed all the very high technical

Unknown Speaker  1:19:40
behind him, and I was like, this is about the.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai