Speaker 1  00:22
Tom that Ben picture is so cute. Nick is looking up because he missed it and he was wanting to see it. He was looking down, and he missed it that split second, while you have to look at another

Unknown Speaker  00:39
meeting an email,

Speaker 1  00:43
yeah, he's changed his profile picture to a little baby picture. So cute.

Unknown Speaker  00:50
There you go. There you go. It looks just like you.

Unknown Speaker  00:54
So since we're out of

Speaker 1  00:57
your network, I can't see it. Oh, you can't see Dom No, no, oh my gosh. How sad for you guys. Well, that's good to know. Well, good, and that's great to know that we can, we can do whatever we want internally and still be super professional to the outside world. So that's good to know. Okay, so do we? Nick, should we wait? Nick and Justin, should we wait a couple more minutes? Probably left waiting for Cory. Second. I think we're waiting for Cory, and I will wait for another minute. Do we need her to start? Well, she's pretty important. I don't know if we need her to start, but we have a lot of people on the call. If we can start without her, let's do that. If we need her,

Speaker 2  01:45
how can you help and find her? Oh, well, we're

Speaker 1  01:49
all fine. I'm going to start with a question that I have for Ryan, for the Clayco team, Ryan and Chris, whoever wants to answer, but it's just something that we've been talking about, and it's not really part of the official meeting, but just for our own knowledge. And so I've heard this is just really out of curiosity. But in terms of your guys' schedule for installing the tilt up walls, you're planning to install the tilt up before you pour the slab. I'm sorry. I'm saying it like it's a fact, but I'm asking it as a question, are you going to install the tilt up walls before you install the slab? I'm just curious.

Ryan Hankins  02:35
Yes. I mean, it's, there's a lot there, but it comes into pre loading differential settlements, getting all that out of the way first, and then pouring air. Then we have to basically, the way that the schedule has to work is pouring, pouring those big mats. So if you're talking about mats, those will be installed early. The infill slab has to be done after steel is completed, and after pre loading is done, and likely after the walls are done,

Speaker 3  03:15
just the matte slab is being installed first and then the slab on grade is installed after you

Unknown Speaker  03:23
were right. Got

Speaker 1  03:24
it? Okay? We're just wanting to, I mean, I just wanted to make sure I understood that, not that it's going to change anything for us, but just just trying to get my head wrapped around it. Okay, so that was my first, my first question, I know. I'll just keep going, and we can take a pause if we need to at any point, but all we there have been so many conversations about the VE and I've looked through them. I think we have good direction on them, and we're moving forward, but there were some items where we're needing, like, either a sketch for the final direction from Pacific fusion or Clayco. Thank you, Lulu, you sent me the product information for the imp. That was very helpful. I'm wondering if there's a way we can get all of the final decisions with the sketches associated with like, some of them had different options in one like one bound thing that lives as a PDF, not as a live, changeable document, so that we can get that into the team's hands. So that would be super helpful for us. You're saying, Yes, I know some of it is Pacific fusion, some of it is Clayco. So no,

Ryan Hankins  04:41
what we what we owe out of our meeting on Monday is we're currently scrounging together all of our attachments. So you're already working on it. Yeah, just it takes a little bit to pull, you know, all the QTo files to pull. You know, we're gonna make more descriptive descriptions, okay, to be a little bit more helpful, and then I mean some of the attachments that you guys have already seen kind of come over, so it just takes a little bit of time. But yeah, well, we'll have that to you guys this week.

Speaker 4  05:16
Oh, perfect. No. I was gonna ask, are you working off a list right now, Rebecca, just trying to understand what pep still owes.

Speaker 1  05:25
Well, on a couple of the So, yeah, the overall list that is that lives on ACC that Excel spreadsheet where we have, yeah, that's where I'm looking. And there are yeses in items, but I know that during the meeting we had with Clayco on Monday, on some of them, I asked some clarifying questions, like, for example, the landscape areas. This is not a large a big one, but you're removing the amenity spaces. I want to make sure that we can give the team really clear direction of what we are doing instead of that, and what that actually means. Does it mean removing papers? Does it remove does it mean removing furniture? Can it be defined in something written that we as a team receive? So, and that's kind of that was just one example that popped in my head, but, like, I think that that comes up the fencing around the stare like, clear direction, yeah, is what I'm requesting for you.

Unknown Speaker  06:27
You mentioned,

Ryan Hankins  06:31
I was just gonna say, to finish up that that thing for all the accepted items we're working through, getting you all those visuals and all of those clarification points won't necessarily do it for everything, because, you know, but they accepted ones at least you'll, you'll get all the information

Speaker 5  06:50
for yeah and Rebecca general rule of them, it is so any design decision yes will help you clarify. But I would say the bare minimum that meets code and just the bare minimum, right? So having I would say like mulch down or crush down instead of pavers, is going to save a lot of money. So I would start with that is a baseline. I guess my question to you is, are you adding those clarifying questions in the VE log? So are there specific questions that I can go to and respond to?

Speaker 1  07:32
I can Yeah, I brought them up during the meeting on Monday, but I can go in and add questions into the VE log somewhere, if that's if that's needed. Yeah, there's just a lot. So it says, like the VE log says, remove landscape canopy. But I know that we agreed upon just providing what's the bare minimum based on the meta soul requirements for covering the bike rack. So just the language is not super clear. And then as far as direction goes, I want to make sure that it's super clear what we mean. We kind of use a shorthand, which made sense in developing this, but now I want to make sure it's super clear, either tied to an attachment from Clayco of what they priced, or from you all of what you mean, so that there's real clarity for the team and that the decision is super clear, that it doesn't come back later and say, like, why didn't you do this while we're doing what we're understanding and yes, moving forward with the that, that's a good rule of thumb.

Speaker 5  08:27
I have, yeah, I have a recommendation. You know, it sounds like so if these questions haven't been documented, we definitely need to get them down on paper so I know how to answer them. If it's more than one or two questions, Rebecca, it sounds like this absolutely needs to be a kraft effort where we align on this. This is an hour long meeting. I recommend that. I think we can take easily half an hour out of this meeting to start chipping away at that. Let's aim to do that and see if we can get through all of the other kind of business topics in the next 20 minutes the remainder of this meeting, let's just focus on getting your your questions clarified, because ultimately, I'd like you to have everything you need for this ve my impression and assumption is page has the direction that they need today based off ve design direction. If that's not true, that needs to happen today. So we can give you all of that feedback today. Oh, wait, that's perfect.

Speaker 1  09:29
And just to clarify, I think that there's been a lot of good direction, so I think it's been really fruitful conversation. And I'm just saying because I love to have a record of decisions that are super clear, especially in this where there's a lot of different options and a lot of things have been discussed in a lot of different meetings, I find it hard for the team to only have things happen in meetings and not be written in a really clear way that gives the direction. So that's what I'm trying to I think we do have a lot and the team has been made aware of these ve changes, but just just to kind of title, it's just tying a cute little bow on the overall conversation. And it sounds like with what Ryan and Clayco are working on, it's going to give us a lot, because we'll get the specific backup information for what they've already priced.

Speaker 5  10:18
Yes, yeah, let's Well, let's pick up this, let's pick up this conversation at the bottom of the hour, and let's try to get through everything else that we need to discuss. And that would be perfect.

Speaker 1  10:29
Okay, yeah, though, the one thing that I wanted to just kind of bring up, and it's about this, but just to make sure that you're aware, and I think that you are, the things that have happened for the from the be are not going to be reflected in the sets that are submitted at the end of this week and work. We have plans in place and processes

Speaker 1  10:56
so loud, I'm sorry, I guess there's construction happening right above my head. Could you guys hear the construction?

Unknown Speaker  11:04
It just looks like you had a mini heart attack.

Speaker 1  11:11
I was scared. But we do have a plan in place, and one example is like the DI water, how we're reconfiguring.

Speaker 5  11:31
Tom and Nick, are you're not in the same office? Are you?

Unknown Speaker  11:34
No, I have no idea what's happening.

Speaker 1  11:42
So something about me is that I have a really hard time with loud noises in it. I'm like, having a panic attack, so I'm really sorry about that, but I I'm happy there's such loud noises happening in here. Okay, I have a lot of sensory issues, and there's really loud noises. Okay, I'm gonna get back to it. If I can't continue, Bill, I'm gonna go off camera so that you guys don't get scared, and I'm gonna probably step away from meeting, and then you'll just continue on. So just, you know there's loud noises happening. I hope they stop. Yeah. Step outside. Take some breath. Okay, so the I the DI water tank, or the DI line, how we're reconfiguring in the equipment bit, that's one example that it's not going to be in this early foundation package right now. And I know that you guys sent an update yesterday, Courtney, where we have a request, or we are going to make a request for having final dimensions of what the minimum requirements are for Pacific fusion so that can get updated into our set. And Mark is going to be updating that in the structural set, either in a response to the permit comments that we received for this 1b package, or in the Rebecca,

Speaker 5  12:55
sorry, I want to slow down really quick, because I want, I want to make sure I'm getting you what you need. It sounds like you you need information from Pacific fusion, Dominic or Rebecca. Do you have a visual that you can share? And is this information impacting the 50% or is this something that you need for the 90%

Speaker 1  13:15
Yeah, we'll need it for the 90% and 90% okay, yeah, I can share what was provided, and then just kind of tell you what I think we need. So this is thank you guys for sending this. You sent that we're updating the geometry of the trench. We received this last night from you all. So the geometry of the trench was getting updated. What we really need is, like minimum clear dimensions from Pacific fusion of what that geometry needs to be,

Unknown Speaker  13:43
and minimum clear

Speaker 5  13:44
dimensions of the pipe to the Drex wall.

Speaker 1  13:48
Yeah, because you've got these, you've got these angles in here, I don't know what these runs need to be, but I think if we can have it dimensioned, I know that it's updated in the Creo model, but

Speaker 5  13:59
for us it's, it sounds like what we should be doing is populating this trench with the actual pipe. So you guys can visually see the clearance requirements, or any kind of what we're not doing or taking into consideration is the racking system that supports the pipe. So, So Rebecca, yeah, absolutely. This is a coordinated effort. We need a little bit more color about what's going on in this trench. So we can do our due diligence and ensure that we're considering everything, racking valve clearances, everything, so that that sounds great. We'll work on that.

Speaker 1  14:32
Yeah, I think that that would be perfect. So okay, that was the only thing I wanted to point out. I think it's all going to work out from a timing standpoint. It's just just kind of making sure that you guys have the understanding of that these things are going to they're going to start getting in place. They might. They're not all going to be like in the initial permit, underground foundation permit that happens this this week, but that that package is going to be complete, and we're going to flip sheet in these changes that have come later. It's going to not hold anything up. So it's going to all, it's all going to work out. So that was my main thing. So I can hand it over to you, Cory, and then we'll go to Clayco

Speaker 5  15:16
Okay, sounds great. Any So, any so with some of the simple sub consultants that we have on board, the specialty sub consultants that we have on board, are you outside of, I would say, the VE effort that bill you, nitch and I worked on, are there any additional so I'm assuming CPP is finished, SM, W is finished. We still have? Hm, W is still working on low voltage, but between SM W and CP, as there's hope, closed down and finished,

Speaker 2  15:53
I would have to check back on SM W Cory, yeah, I wouldn't want to tell you right now that they are 100% complete.

Speaker 5  16:03
Okay, are we waiting on any additional results, memos, documents from these folks? I want to say that we've, we've received what we've needed to receive from SNW. I don't know if that's the case for CP.

Unknown Speaker  16:20
We're not waiting on anything from CP,

Speaker 5  16:23
Okay, gotcha. Okay, so just looking for a confirmation that they've concluded working on their contract, or if they haven't just understanding what they're working on,

Speaker 2  16:38
I'll follow up with us, and they'll be in report back. Perfect. Appreciate that.

Speaker 5  16:45
Okay, was on my list, but I think we have a good game plan for that at 130 Rebecca, we're going to start to document all of your questions and providing responses. That way, there's clear indication what the design team is doing for the 90% so our, my goal is today, you walk away with, I would say, 95 99% of the answers that you need. If there's any coordination with Clayco, we can, we can button that up in the background. I um, think outside of that, from an invoicing standpoint, we're doing really well with James. We've We've started to get into a groove there. Yeah, so I don't think we need to go over invoicing. Anything on your end that you guys need approvals for. I think we're good at this point.

Unknown Speaker  17:49
Is that question to the design team Cory or to Clayco No,

Speaker 5  17:53
this, no, sorry, just for the design side on bill or Rebecca.

Speaker 2  17:57
I think we're just cranking away. So we'll discuss clarifying some of the items.

Speaker 5  18:09
That is all I had on my end.

Ryan Hankins  18:16
I have a few things should I go? Or should I go for it, right? Yeah. Okay, perfect. So on top of the VE discussions, I just want to make sure between Nick and Cory, we're supporting what you need for your internal meetings, I'm tracking a list of action items from our conversations in the last few days, but would love to just make sure that what you need is getting supported. Because I don't, I don't have a lot of insight into what's being asked of you guys and what what discussions are, follow ups and whatnot, so just put it out there as a generation.

Speaker 5  18:59
So I think Nick, you'll probably be at the good times. I know you're working with Erica yesterday. So there's a couple clarifying things we would like to get buttoned up by today, Ryan, for our conversation tomorrow morning with leadership. Nick, do you want to go over? You know, I think there's only point $5 million missed. Yeah, go for it.

Speaker 4  19:18
I think it was really on that, general conditions breakdown is what we're looking for clarification on. I think it's like 1.6 million getting clarification on that.

Ryan Hankins  19:29
That was the 1.6 was miscellaneous adjustments. So we are working on that the general conditions, I think, was a couple 100,000 that was primarily due to ve or, sorry? VDC, sorry.

Speaker 4  19:44
VDC, yeah. VDC, okay, okay, yeah, you can respond to that email. The other one was insulated metal wall panels. I think there was in from the pricing at 50% VDS, there was like, Yeah, that's the 1.6 million on allowance of 1.6 for imps, just trying to understand the basis of that and how we kind of went up so much in the 100% DDS, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  20:13
So we went from

Speaker 5  20:14
1.6 in the 50% there was a plus delta of 2 million, and and then going from Kings band to the other vendor. Thank you, Nick, yeah. Middle span, we were able to save an additional 1.3 so I guess did we? Did we underestimate the allocation for imp? Well, I mean, if you're

Speaker 6  20:40
good, I can speak to that, Ryan, if you want to go into so for the NP on the 50% DD drawings, there was no product listed on the spec or on the plan. So what we did is we went to the sub market, but there was no feedback. Since there was not enough detailed information, we ended up plugging an allowance for the amount of panels that's called out on drawings for the 100% Ed that's where the kin squad 300 was called out. And we did end up getting a firm number on it. That's what's the update number for.

Speaker 5  21:16
Okay, so got you you ended up getting a firm number, which I'm assuming is right around 3.6 million, and that's where you needed to bring it up by the additional plus delta of 2 million. Okay, okay, and then got you okay.

Speaker 4  21:36
And I think that was it. The other one was Erica was already working on to give us a swag

Unknown Speaker  21:41
for the ultra

Unknown Speaker  21:42
capacitor install.

Unknown Speaker  21:46
That's right, we do that.

Ryan Hankins  21:50
One should be today. I got an initial price. Didn't make sense, so I'm going back and making sure that it's it makes more sense. I should have that by the end of the day.

Speaker 4  22:00
Today, you guys have enough information to price it? Ryan, I know I sent you that proposal, but that's about all we have.

Ryan Hankins  22:06
The only thing we didn't have was the weight in that information, but we're assuming it's somewhere around 50,000 pounds per unit. So we're going to size the crane to that, and we'll, we'll clarify it, but yeah, I think we've got enough to get close.

Speaker 5  22:22
I know I have it buried somewhere. I'll look at my notes, but that sounds right. Ryan, okay. Any more color on the MISC adjustments? I know you guys are working on breaking that down, but just curious what? What did that include?

Ryan Hankins  22:40
It was it 1.6 Yeah, yeah. That was just the last item. It was kind of a catch all, but a lot of its market adjustments between the 30% and this new package. But we are looking to break that out for you guys, to help you guys understand if we if you need to the end of the day today, I can look to see how much further we can break that down in the short term.

Speaker 6  23:03
Okay? Also, like, I think a lot of the adders, we kind of round it up so that kind of brain, like, the math is not matching exactly, so some of the numbers are shoveling into the miscellaneous items as well.

Speaker 5  23:20
Okay, gotcha. And then the other item that we just need to it's not something we need to solve today, but we want to identify. Will you talk with Mark about this during our constructability meeting on Friday? But Justin, that steel bomb that was provided during 50% and I don't know how that's involved, but we just want to identify any scope that we would be we're asking cone cranes to cover the crane, runway rail install that's different than the runway the beam below the runway rail. So we just want TT to identify if that run, and maybe Clayco can identify this, if that runway rail was priced in this 50% or 100% package. Because ultimately, what we're trying to do is just shuffle money around so the scopes now going to be given to cone cranes. We just want to make sure we're not double accounting for it.

Ryan Hankins  24:36
Totally Agreed. I'll, I'll defer to mark, because they gave us their takeoff from the 50% that we used in the 100% as well. Got you okay?

Speaker 7  24:57
Sorry, we wouldn't have included the rail itself in our takeoffs, we would include the runway beam.

Speaker 5  25:06
The runway okay? And we are suggest, just to clarify across the board, we are suggesting that we keep the runway beam in Clayco scope. The only thing that cone cranes would be installing is the rail, yeah.

Speaker 7  25:22
I think that's typical. So, yes, okay,

Speaker 5  25:27
okay, got you so for now, there should be no double accounting

Unknown Speaker  25:33
if that's if that's true, okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:37
okay, thank you for clarifying. I

Ryan Hankins  25:47
up on top of that. Anything else? Cory from that list. Add a couple more for the VE.

Speaker 5  25:56
Nope, I'm ready to jump to VE. I think if we're going to start on ve we should probably pull up

Ryan Hankins  26:05
couple more things before we get to the actual list. So one, Jeremy asked us for a cost study today on light steel beam cover versus bored and concrete. I don't think we've seen what the design would be for. For that, I know Mark, you guys are busy with with a lot of other things, but is that something you've already designed for? Do you have an option for that, or is that something you were looking to provide?

Speaker 7  26:31
Or no, we have some sketches ready for you. I sent that, I responded to your email, and provide the sketches with that, so they're in there

Ryan Hankins  26:38
two steps ahead of me. Perfect. Okay. The one of the items in the VE list required confirming the energy model on duct insulation removal for the office. That's something that I think we should just check with Astrid on, or, I guess not Astrid, but I think the architectural team I

Unknown Speaker  27:05
the duct installation and

Ryan Hankins  27:08
how that affects, yeah, the duct installation removal and how that affects the energy model.

Speaker 5  27:16
Yes, that that is something we should bring up my understanding, since Astrid was recommending it as an opportunity, I think Astrid is running energy code as well, since the majority of her scope is is driven by energy code, that's my hunch, but it's worth clarifying. I think that might be a Meyr question. It probably is. My question is, are we talking about internally lined versus externally lined? Because I would assume there's still actually insulation on them. It's just whether it's internal or external in the admin space,

Speaker 8  27:59
oftentimes, because of the look. If you have exposed duct work, we will internally line it for visual but it's less expensive for the external line. That's why I'm asking that question.

Speaker 5  28:14
Let's chat with Astrid. I think there is a general understanding that we would as part of the EU if it met energy code, we would be eliminating insulation on the supply deck work in the condition spaces. I thought that was a blanket decision across all condition spaces. The 300 Yeah, the 300

Ryan Hankins  28:40
gram was just for the just for the admin. But,

Speaker 5  28:50
okay, I'll take that as an action. We do have a MEP meeting with Astra tomorrow afternoon, so we can take that as an action. To just clarify that ve item and how that impacts admin, because the direct question is a, do we continue to maintain insulation and admin? And if so, but what kind of insulation i

Ryan Hankins  29:23
A few other minor things bidders list for next week. So Nick and Cory, you guys will have that coming your way tomorrow, basically with who we plan to reach out to. Would love to get your input, and if you'd like to add anybody, or if you have people you don't want us to use contra contract. Nick, I've been seeing your emails. We're in the middle of reviewing those, so we'll be getting back with you. We're making very good process or progress on the insurance. So I know you guys haven't been on those meetings, but generally speaking, they've been going very well. Swip, we got the design costs. It's about $1,000 I'm trying to figure out if, under a precon agreement, we can get them awarded. I don't know, so I'm trying to figure that out right now, but I'll have the answer for you shortly.

Speaker 4  30:14
Okay, yeah, let me know if you run into any issues there, and we can, we can see what we can do. Okay, do you need me to respond to that quote that you sent, or anything with approval?

Ryan Hankins  30:25
No, let me. Let me get you the direction on if we can actually contract it through a precon agreement or not. Okay? And then cash flow. So Nick, you and I talked about this the other day, but I think it was yesterday. I would love to redo that cash flow before we send it to Mindy. I'd like you to just give your input before we blow the can open. Just make sure everyone is ready for what they're about to see, and that it's the right number that that you think we should be communicated.

Speaker 4  31:02
Okay, yeah, yeah, shoot me your first graph before we share it out further.

Ryan Hankins  31:06
Okay, that's all I got.

Speaker 5  31:15
Okay, I'm gonna share my screen and Rebecca, you are up to that. Let's go through as much as we can. And then I think the Ask will be Rebecca, that we we just have you document those questions.

Speaker 1  31:39
So I've started on I'm just using the design impact line, and we might change that, because I think we've done it a little bit of a different way, so that can maybe be our design question. So I've started putting right there where I put the date on all of the ones that I've just added in. So I think that you all said it. Ryan Clayco, maybe you can just chime in, because some of this you're probably going to answer already in the documentation you're going to do, just so that it's really clear what areas I are getting, the alternate reinforcing, yeah,

Ryan Hankins  32:13
it's, it's in line with the exhibit you guys gave us previously. Okay, but we can what the intent is to still attach those documents, just to make it a holistic, holistic, yeah, so

Speaker 1  32:26
a lot of it's probably going to be answered, which is great, yeah, if we kind of scroll down, I'm not asking questions about the natural gas fired RT use. I think that that there's a clear direction, and you guys are going to document which options that Meyr plus listed, you're going to which ones you're moving forward with. So then it's super clear. The fleece back roofing, whether you're going with 60 mill or 80 mill, we're asking for that to be provided by May 22 so

Speaker 8  33:01
I'm already, yeah. Are you? Do you want to share your screen and, oh,

Unknown Speaker  33:07
or Sure, I see, I see your screen

Speaker 1  33:11
viewers, I think. Now, can you see Mike?

Speaker 8  33:16
Why don't we go in order? Let's go in order.

Unknown Speaker  33:19
So I'm going to say, look like, yeah. To provide,

Speaker 5  33:25
okay, yeah, I think it's in TJ's port to provide a dose ml, right? Thank you. Alex is supposed to be providing

Ryan Hankins  33:35
us a dose rate. We already have everything, and we've priced it to that 156,000 and so it's okay, yeah, if we I think we accepted that, and it's in line with the exhibit that that the design team gave us.

Unknown Speaker  33:52
Okay, so Rebecca, what do you need out of this?

Speaker 1  33:56
Well, now that Ryan just told me, I'm just going to write it here in line with the exhibit. So nothing. Okay, so that one is Android.

Speaker 5  34:09
No action, okay, so I'm going to just create another status bar over here, just so there's no questions, right? So this is closed.

Speaker 1  34:19
That's great, yeah, okay, that looks our question is close, yeah, so I skipped over the natural gas RTU, but I, but I can just say that Clayco Will five, dash six.

Ryan Hankins  34:35
It's, it's in line with that Astrid gave us. But we will also attach that to our list of attachments.

Unknown Speaker  34:46
Rebecca, is this close that one? I think is closed, yeah.

Speaker 5  34:50
Okay, so move on to four. Item number four, yep.

Speaker 1  34:57
So I didn't have a question about this one, but I think Clayco is gonna have to let us know what they priced. Which one's this. I think this is equipment specs. I think that the whole thing is just that it's opened up for you guys to bid it and I competitively, which I think is not an issue. I don't think that's not in alignment with Myers plus spec. So I don't have a question on that one, yeah,

Ryan Hankins  35:26
since the middles, yeah, the biggest thing we had was just, like, when you issue the spec, just make sure doesn't say custom, and make sure it's performance spec based, and then we won't have an issue.

Speaker 1  35:38
Yeah, and I think it already is, so I'm not going to put anything there. That will work fine.

Speaker 5  35:44
And well, we'll get equipment selection through the submittal process, right? So we'll align on equipment selection through this middle process. Or Rebecca, are you saying that we need to advance that conversation? No, no, I'm

Speaker 1  36:00
saying I don't have any questions on this one. Okay, got you all right and yeah, the next so technically, this one can also happen during the submittal process. We can just, we can leave our, I'm going to delete my question here.

Speaker 5  36:17
Do our I think the standing question is, does Pacific fusion want 60 or 80?

Ryan Hankins  36:24
Yeah, the action, yes. You guys do need to answer that. The action is still in our court, though, to give you what that that ve option looks like, and so we are still working on that. We don't have an update today, but we will get that for you in due time, okay, but in the meantime, yes, you guys did answer that. That'd be great.

Speaker 5  36:49
Okay, performance coding, so we

Speaker 1  36:57
Yeah, and this one i i think is in alignment with the diagram. I'm not seeing a diagram right here, but yeah,

Ryan Hankins  37:07
the only clarifications we wanted to make on that was that, give me one second, it was the fact that we're not doing the interior side of tunnels and trenches and Lilly, was there anything else on that? That was it?

Speaker 1  37:31
Yeah, we are. Well, no, but I think is to remove that scope. I remove that scope.

Ryan Hankins  37:44
All right, so let me start so we have what you guys have asked for in the base number, okay, pulling open the VE exhibit right now, just so we can get aligned. Let

Ryan Hankins  38:00
me know when you guys can see

Unknown Speaker  38:10
my screen. I cannot still,

Ryan Hankins  38:16
so the base option were aligned. This is the, this is the alternate deduct. And what we're trying to say is that our pricing did not include going inside of the trenches as part of the VE pricing.

Speaker 1  38:36
Yeah, so I think Tom that's the answer. Is, I think that's, that's the direction that we want to make sure is, is documented from P F, that that's the direction we have for this phase of work to to not go ahead.

Ryan Hankins  38:52
If somebody is telling me we can't do that, that's fine. This was just a first pass of what we saw as the value engineering. Yeah. So this was,

Speaker 5  39:01
this is acceptable, I can, I can double confirm, but this, this was a high traffic area. Is there anything in question outside of this area, trench, Dominican, or

Speaker 3  39:14
some trenches? Yes. So in our drawings, there are three types of coatings. There are the high traffic coatings, which we have highlighted in red. Here. There is a pedestrian coating, and there's a trench coating, and so there's kind of a tier to these coatings. They're not all equal. It sounds like per this exhibit, Clayco has priced the high traffic coding in the area highlighted in red, we've also received previous direction from echo and team on an area within the lab that is going to need to also receive that high traffic coding. So I'm highlighting that there's been further developments in parallel to clayco's pricing efforts. Can I offer a and this can come later? We don't have to discuss all this now, it seems like you know, we're aligning on this. Ve I'd like, and I think Courtney Rebecca was kind of highlighting on some of our concerns with the direction. But I think maybe the best way to employ these ve options is to start engaging Clayco in some of these design call conversations where we can have some more direct feedback maybe on these questions. I don't want to overstep my bounds here. Bill and Rebecca, it seems like I

Speaker 5  40:54
know Clayco is welcome to go to any design coordination meeting, and I think so if Pacific fusion is there's a missing scope that wasn't priced, we need to reconcile that. So let's take that as a note, and let's, let's, let's move on. I'm actually going to put this in the design coordination meeting so Performance Coatings. So this is something we've got to reconcile.

Speaker 3  41:24
Yeah, this is, this is in phase one last issuance, yeah,

Speaker 5  41:31
yeah, okay, because Gotcha. And you know, the reality is, okay, it's something we have to reconcile. Let's move on to the next ve item.

Speaker 1  41:43
Yeah, I didn't have any questions. Oh, sorry, I share my screen again. See, I didn't have a question on, on reducing extensive entry, because I think that that is clear based on the option selected. And it's you say it over here, option one, reducing glazing Dutch. So it's based on our sketch. Option one, so that one was fine. The next one item 10, provide I've just written this provide product information of what was priced for review. And as I mentioned that are on Monday that the at the AE team will need a chance to review the option for the structural design appropriateness, just because it's been designed based on perforation. And if it's a solid panel product we need, we need to review and make sure that that works. So there will be, like, a little bit of a loop on that one. Yep, the imp panels. This one is closed.

Speaker 5  42:36
This one is this one is okay. So the roof screen is still open. Clayco, you Oh, just as

Speaker 3  42:45
we, I guess a pre submit all for everyone's review.

Ryan Hankins  42:48
Yeah, we've got product data on VDC that will will send over.

Speaker 6  42:53
Okay, great. Rebecca, real quick for the mechanical screening. Do you need a product cut sheet for that as well?

Speaker 1  43:06
We don't need it for the make. Oh, do you mean if you're gonna use the like mesh product instead of the perforated steel?

Speaker 6  43:19
I think um, I just wonder, like, you said something about the perp, oh, you're talking about VDC versus the Mexico. That's right, that's right, the VDC, yeah,

Speaker 1  43:30
if you're going with a salt, like a non perforated product, then that's what we will need the team to review. Okay, imp panels, I think you guys are going to include the same product information that Lulu already sent over. So we've got your basis of design for pricing. Not one is only that.

Ryan Hankins  43:50
One's closed, yes, the only open question I had for Lulu was, Lulu, did we ask them about color and finish to make sure that we're driving the design team to the right, the right finish to make sure we don't come in at a different cost point.

Unknown Speaker  44:07
Oh, that would be helpful.

Speaker 6  44:09
Yeah, I have that information. I will send a follow up email to you after the CDE,

Ryan Hankins  44:15
perfect. Thank you.

Speaker 3  44:19
Yeah, that would be good. And that includes the Special Blue for Pacific Fusion's branding Correct?

Speaker 6  44:29
Yes, yes. Okay, it's, yeah, the blue, it's a special color, but the gray, there are some standard colors, okay,

Speaker 1  44:38
for the get rid of basketball or, I don't really have any questions, I think we're just putting Crusher fines down in that area. So I'm just gonna say,

Speaker 5  44:50
I would say, if it's cheaper to crusher or asphalt, right? Whatever is cheaper,

Ryan Hankins  44:59
just go with Crusher fines.

Speaker 1  45:01
Yeah, I think if it's a hard scape surface Courtney, it changes the calculations of the landscape versus hardscaped areas for the site plan. So I think it's better to stick with a gravel or something that makes sense. Yeah, okay. Geo peers, foundation sizes in the labs and office. Are we good? It's just, I don't know what? Don't even have a question on it, but it's we're doing it, so I don't know. I guess I think that mark will need some information about how that changes the slab design in that area. But hopefully we're gonna that'll happen. I don't have the question to ask,

Ryan Hankins  45:47
we, we, we're all on the same page there.

Unknown Speaker  45:50
Yeah, I think Mark and Frank have a good idea of what needs to be done.

Speaker 1  45:54
Okay, I'm not going to even ask a question on that. And I this one. I think that you guys the revised steel sections. I think you guys have already coordinated with Kort and Tom city on that. So I haven't, I haven't

Speaker 5  46:08
seen this. I don't know that I've seen this. So I said, revise steel sections.

Ryan Hankins  46:14
Yeah, well, not revised steel. But what I did was I gave mark a document that compared the mill availability from new core to the mill, mill availability from SDI, which shapes are common, which shapes are custom to each Individual mill to help drive some of the steel sizing.

Speaker 5  46:42
Mark, I don't think we've, I don't, from a, you know, the structural analysis standpoint, I don't know that we've identified opportunities here just yet.

Speaker 7  46:54
No, we haven't. I think that, I guess I would say it's going to be a little bit of an ongoing process. We'll get this deal sections to everybody in this set that's coming out, so in a couple days, people start to see them. And then if there are ones that are tough to get to obtain, then we can work on those. And I would foresee it a little bit more along the lines of, I don't think we'll change sections to necessarily save money. I think that we'll be changing sections because of schedule risk issues. So where we see that there's a schedule risk, we will, we could work to adjust those sections,

Unknown Speaker  47:39
but yeah, so sorry. I don't know if I answered the question,

Speaker 5  47:47
okay, it sounds like. It sounds like, by nature of fixing the schedule, we would be transitioning to more traditional sizes, which may be indicative of savings, is that, does that sound right?

Unknown Speaker  48:05
Potentially, potentially, yes, yeah.

Speaker 5  48:09
Okay, so it sounds like Marc. We will do that axis exercise after we post this, 50% we'll have so essentially, what we'll do is we'll post this. He'll have a steel order list Clayco, you'll digest that list and determine which one of those breaks the schedule. We'll hand that back to Mark to determine if we can if there's flexibility with those sizes. So this is something that will happen between 50% and 90%

Unknown Speaker  48:42
Yeah, that sounds right.

Speaker 5  48:46
Okay, all right, we've got 10 minutes. Let's see if we can push through 30 more.

Speaker 1  48:57
Okay, so the next one on remove landscape canopy. I just just requesting that we clarify that the landscape canopy will be reduced in size and simplified in shape to meet the minimum allowable

Unknown Speaker  49:10
MDS requirement.

Speaker 5  49:11
Yes, exactly. So you define the minimum allowable requirements per MDS? Yeah, absolutely. Covering bike.

Speaker 8  49:20
Rocks. Great. So this is closed. Rebecca, Yep, that was closed, great.

Speaker 1  49:26
This one the treatment for grounding. I think it's not happening now. We are not happening. Eliminate fluid coolers. I don't have questions on these. I think there's a lot of clarity on the Meyr Plus things because of how comprehensive their sketches were.

Speaker 5  49:45
The one item that Clayco is looking into there was a holistic, it looks like in the VE opportunities, Ryan, we didn't actually pull out the elimination of fluid coolers. And there was a thought that it might be wrapped up in that larger number. It is, but it's switching to the rt twos it is. It is, okay, okay, gotcha, Okay, moving on. Yes, we we are. So ve number 23 we are going to do this. I believe aspirin has everything that she needs. Just looking for confirmation from the design

Speaker 1  50:21
team I need to I'll have to check back with Meyr Plus and get that. If there's any further questions from her, I'll need to get it to you guys after this meeting.

Speaker 5  50:32
Okay, couplings, yes, groove couplings in lieu of welding. Yes, we are going to do those. I believe this is closed.

Speaker 1  50:41
This is one that I did have a question on, because Jeremy had brought up, except for in inaccessible spaces. So just if it can be defined spec, is that happening everywhere? Is there some places where that's not if it's above a ceiling, if it's very high, like that question came up that Jeremy said. So just wanted to say, super clear, where, where?

Speaker 5  51:05
Yeah, answer that question. So if anything is in a chase where it's not visible, I would think if it's routed within the R and D space, there's multiple ways to access pipe. That's if it's in a chase, it needs to be welded, basically. So if it's in a chase, if it's underground,

Unknown Speaker  51:36
is there? Happy to provide more detail if we need it?

Speaker 1  51:41
I um, I think the only other one. So you're saying in the R D space, even if it's very high, you're still going to do a group coupling. Yeah, that's fine. Okay,

Speaker 8  51:57
as long as it's visible, we can get a man lift. There's multiple ways to get up there.

Speaker 5  52:05
Yep, number 26 we're not going to do the reduce four pipe to two pipe. Not enough money there, reducing the quantity of control valves. Yes, I think this is closed. I don't have anything since. Yeah, we do have this open item with supply dept work, so Jen will chase that down and give you an answer by tomorrow.

Ryan Hankins  52:29
Sorry, it was everywhere, my bad, not just the office. You are correct.

Speaker 5  52:35
Cory, yeah, exactly. So Jen, currently the guidance is we're removing insulation altogether in condition spaces. So I'm actually going to publish this. Okay, thanks. Office lighting package, yes, we're doing both of these. And for the remaining balance of the facility. Jen, Rebecca Dominic, do you guys need any additional information on this?

Speaker 1  53:10
I think this is going to be a submittal review. Do you have a question?

Speaker 8  53:16
Yeah. I was just like, we just need to know what the lights are so we can review them.

Speaker 1  53:19
Yeah. This will be happening in, yeah, so I can just write that will occur, okay?

Speaker 8  53:27
I mean, we will end items in the drawings, though, like that, there's still a basis of design. It's just or completely open and available to all of the VE is. But we have to design to something? Yeah,

Speaker 5  53:46
I'm assuming Clayco, I think it goes without saying that this, you know, I think the VE costs that you're suggesting here also meets the basis of design. Or is that something that needs to be discussed? I

Ryan Hankins  54:03
for the for the lighting, is that what you're saying? Yeah, yeah. I mean, it would, it would meet the it would just be changing manufacturers, yes, but lighting VE is a little complicated. Then it's more complicated than just switching things out. So it's, it's probably more of a conversation, but we feel we can get there. Yeah, I don't think we

Speaker 1  54:24
have questions about that one, confirm the handoff and R and D space for the electric call for phase one, that again, the meyrr Plus questions. I don't, I don't know all Well, I mean,

Ryan Hankins  54:35
yeah, meyr's plus did a fantastic job with that. I'd say we're, we're done.

Speaker 1  54:40
Well, yeah, I think I agree. So all of these, all of the interiors, I think we're going to just not even ask questions on them until we have our meeting that's already set up for next week. I think we can just skip through since we're going to have a more holistic approach to that, I'm not going to even ask a question on that. Tell you guys, give us direction. Yeah. Same with, I'm just kind of flipping through these that I don't think we have the eliminate shell lock rooms. I think this was not accepted, okay, okay, or I won't write that. You'll write that. Cory, okay? These are not happening, plumbing fixtures and specs? Yeah, I think, I think it's open. Just you guys can price what you want to price, and there will be a basis of design in the drawing. So that's fine. Reduce mill work. That one we're going to skip until we talk more holistically. Same with the gypsum, same with the acoustic baffles. Okay, remove parking as well, and parking lots. And you guys decided not are you doing that? You Gotcha? Okay, exterior, Okay, this one, yeah, this one, I I want to have it be just defined, yep.

Speaker 5  55:55
Just just basically put crush down and just minimum, minimum requirements, if you need to fill space and it needs to be permit permeable, I'd say those but crush down. Is there any other clarifying questions? Rebecca, yeah, the only

Speaker 1  56:14
other question I have is about the addition of sight lighting for for way finding to the doors that you had requested in our previous meeting with landscape. Is that still going to be considered, or is that considered an amenity that should be removed?

Speaker 5  56:31
It should be, because no additional sight line need for way finding? No. I think there's going to be no.

Unknown Speaker  56:40
Yeah, so not provide.

Speaker 1  56:44
Do not provide, or do No, I'm just trying to understand,

Unknown Speaker  56:51
should we provide it or no?

Speaker 5  56:55
Generally speaking, no additional site lighting for way finding, however we are going to have, this is discussion that we need to have with leadership. There's going to likely be one large monument or two two, there's going to be one large monument at the main entrance, and then there's going to be the sign right, the illumination of the sign on the facility, some of the additional way finding, I think we're really going to have to cut back, because I don't believe that was priced in the Clayco number. So it's, don't

Unknown Speaker  57:25
think they have a sketch about that yet.

Speaker 5  57:28
Yeah, so it's going to be a plus delta. We're gonna have to trim cost there, so we're doing the bare minimum. So all the additional like signs we're gonna have to strip away. But it does make sense that we have at least one monument, and then the nice sign on the facility, this is a leadership discussion. So outside of the those two items that need lighting, there should be no other lighting taken into consideration for exterior finding.

Speaker 1  57:56
Yeah. Okay, so we're going to go back to what is included in the site plan that was reviewed and approved by May, said, also in City of Albuquerque, and we will not provide the additional lighting that was requested at our at our landscape meeting with you. And Kate, okay, that's what I'm understanding. And then the last thing that I've got a question on. So that means that also, like the deck space that's extending out of the the fitness area will also be removed.

Speaker 5  58:24
Correct? Yes, yeah, that whole, exactly, that whole exterior space, with the with the fence, and kind of the privacy fence, yeah, all of that's being removed. Yeah, do

Speaker 1  58:43
Okay, sounds good. Thank you for that. Okay, fireproofing strategy. I think we're good on I think we have clarity on that the door. I know that we're not moving forward with this, right? I think that there is a question that Ryan and Chris and Lulu, we're going to have about the doors, but we're going to defer that for right now. Okay, I think that's it. We did it.

Ryan Hankins  59:08
I think the only other thing I was I was tracking was the fencing. I think we just owe you guys probably detail on the fencing. That's right,

Speaker 1  59:19
I skipped that one, but I'll just add that question, and I'll say,

Ryan Hankins  59:23
Lulu, can you make sure we get that?

Unknown Speaker  59:26
Do you want the cut sheet?

Ryan Hankins  59:29
Yeah, cut sheet of both montage and impasse.

Speaker 1  59:33
Okay, all right, cool. Thank you guys, thanks for going through that. I appreciate it. So yeah, we'll look forward to seeing what you all provide. Clayco, I think it's going to give a lot of clarity to this, and then we'll probably just export this as a PDF to include on the front of that so that there's, like, a memorialized set of directions for for these ve discussions. And I know we're going to continue having conversation and question questions for you all as we move forward, but this is helpful. Thank you.

Speaker 5  1:00:09
Okay, Rebecca, could you do me a favor? Any any outstanding items that you need design decisions on? Could you send me an email? It sounds like there's none, if that may be one or two, but I just just send me a quick email if there's something that I have to lean down for you.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:25
Okay, will do okay?

Speaker 3  1:00:29
Yeah. I think once we see those PDF markups and those that documentation said Clayco is developing it, should answer majority of the questions. Agreed. Okay, gotcha,

Speaker 1  1:00:42
yeah, I think, well, once we get that, that's going to help us a lot, and if we have any outstanding questions after that, we'll, we'll send them over. Okay, thank you all so much. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. Bye, everybody. You you what.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai