Anthony Johnson  00:00
Comment last fall, winter, and really, several of the main topics that we talked about there came directly from feedback that a lot of the people in this room gave me on various topics technology or bureaucracy or whatever. That drove a lot of our initial agenda for the meeting that we had in Aspen initially. Then through those conversations in Aspen came the categories and the specific topics that we all identified as these are mission critical items that we as a company really need to address, to focus on the people and the organization and really get us prepared for not just where we are today, but for the future as well. I think, you know, quality was a great session there where, you know, an great example of kind of the comment I made yesterday, where we're six to eight to a $10 billion company, but, you know, we're still playing catch up to be in a $5 billion dollar company in some things and quality is a great example of that where we really got to get the pedal to the Florida to affect that across the organization. So, so, yeah, an awesome job of that. All you have an issues over there. All right. So what we're going to try to do is really go through a line on, you know, what the next steps are, what we're moving forward with. Had a lot of phenomenal things to focus on here. I think, you know, a lot of the initiatives, you know, just want to kind of line on what those next steps are, some of the markets. Then we'll kind of talk through whether they're existing markets or proposed markets, and just talk through like what the right alignment and timing of all

Speaker 1  01:51
that is. So I'll just say, super impressed by all the content of the two days. I think all of us were lot of energy, a lot of great thought, and, you know, a lot of hard work that went into this. So it was really cool to see everybody get up with their teams and present on what you guys worked on. Super impressive. Lot of good stuff to again, move from really, really good to now, really, really great, which is all where we want to be.

Anthony Johnson  02:18
All right, so, Daniel, can you see that?

Speaker 2  02:24
I can see it, but I can't read. Hey,

Anthony Johnson  02:48
it Alright, so we'll just try to work our way through this quickly. Honestly, I went through to, you know, to not belabor this for three hours. I just tried to get a running start on some of this stuff. So, so definitely want to, you know, there's strong opposition or or, you know, support, or whatever, you know, feel free to speak up. But really, what's in here, for the most part, is the recommendations that each group made as to what the next steps are for their initiative. And yeah, when it comes to the initiatives, these are the things that the leadership will find are, you know, all incredibly critical to the company. So, so talent development, that was first session. Yesterday, recommendations were established, organizational goals and outcomes, resources, investment, timelines and next steps. Seen room. Consensus is that's an incredibly important initiative. So move forward with that who owns that initiative? Steve, all right. And then proposal, how long do we think we need to get to like what that program ultimately would need to look like? Understand the objectives, understand the resources that have

Speaker 3  04:03
been needed, 60 days, 90 days in between 60 and 90 Yeah, all right. 6090 days.

Anthony Johnson  04:11
All right. Next, then was this was kind of additional idea Otto throughout develop the training program on services and how the business model works, both the value proposition and the business side of the services. So Otto is your idea. So I guess you get to own

Conor Tighe  04:31
that one. We're already working on something, as Greg

Conor Tighe  04:41
gets done now. So what's the date we are in draft form? So give us, give us

Speaker 4  04:49
60 days to develop it, and then I'll get implemented. Conor, just Joe and I are over here talking. We've got something going as it relates to that as well.

Anthony Johnson  04:58
Yes, good thing to have this meeting. Okay? So next then dies into compensation. And so this was all there was multiple phases of giving better visibility to what their overall compensation plan is, written statements. And first phase of that is really to include the direct and the pay stub related items that'll evolve over time to improve the benefits comparisons, etc. So thought there, move forward with that, get phase one going, and that will be ready for

Speaker 5  05:34
in the QTS to go over already started. Yeah, all right. Cool. Sounds good?

Anthony Johnson  05:44
All right, and then performance, so time, compensation, time, time to performance. A portion of compensation to performance was talked about there was kind of adapting the scale of rating for folks, and then also more closely aligning people's annual performance reviews with the objectives of the company. My thoughts there were needs further discussion. I think there's, there's, I think it's a great start. I think conceptually, the framework makes sense. I think there's some details to refine my thoughts on that. But I think, you know, in a high performing organization, getting people's compensation aligned with the objectives of the organization is what gets everybody aligned overall. So any I

Speaker 2  06:31
think there needs to be development of what all that is, and then start utilizing it, yeah, and then bring it

Anthony Johnson  06:39
into into no question, yeah. It's got to be, it can't be at your review time. Well, here's here's how we looked at things the last year. It's got to be developed. Got to be broadcasted. People have Tom, you know what? They're being measured.

Speaker 2  06:48
The system has to be nailed down and communicated a full year prior to it, actually.

Anthony Johnson  06:54
So let's, yeah, yeah. Daniel on that. And then let's try to get that refined over the next 60 days.

Speaker 2  07:09
Yeah, I think 60 days is fair. And basically, you guys are looking for more detail, like what a review would look like for a

Anthony Johnson  07:16
pm, I mean, there's a lot. So for one, what you did was only focused on operations. That's correct company with that strategy. So I think there's getting one subset done, maybe even within operations, and kind of aligning on, okay, does that rating scale make sense? What are the real objectives? What? What should they be for a project manager? What should they be for a project engineer. I mean, there's a lot of detail

Speaker 2  07:43
to provide. Steven Mike, maybe give me an idea on that

Speaker 6  07:47
one these amount of work. And just want to make sure, I think, to go to the next level. I don't think that hurts. Yeah, there's a ton of work. This is, this has got a lot

Unknown Speaker  07:59
of implication. Yeah, to

Anthony Johnson  08:01
be clear, this is like, continue the further discussions for 60 days.

Unknown Speaker  08:10
Looks like test drive. It maybe we look at it certain groups,

Speaker 2  08:18
yeah, the big thing there's my thought was it potentially gets piloted to a specific, you know, like the operations in a specific group this fall at the earliest.

Speaker 6  08:30
That'd be super cool. Yeah, that would, that would be pretty Yeah, this is, this is something that is probably going to take us a couple years to get to a level of maturity,

Anthony Johnson  08:43
if we're doing good, we'd get it to a point where it could be talked about at people's reviews next year, measure into and there's

Speaker 1  08:51
some things that are to be debated, like, does the compensation rating take place at the same time the review, or are those separate amount of people engaged in it. Think the idea and the concept of having that done at and near the job site, the people that touch individuals the most like has a lot of traction, but we've got to talk through some new license. Okay, all right,

Anthony Johnson  09:17
so the tiger Tom, it's kind of enacted. Who owns that

Unknown Speaker  09:21
myself. All right,

Speaker 3  09:29
what was the initial window we put on getting those, those first rolls, identified?

Unknown Speaker  09:33
Yeah, so we started the process for today.

Unknown Speaker  09:41
So each community report back from the teams about progress and successes. Yeah, okay,

Anthony Johnson  09:52
hey, Ollie, just so we have, like, I'd rather just have one owner of these. Let's put Steve for the first one, Conor for the second one.

Speaker 7  10:02
And think results can take some time. I think results for that, we're thinking it's 90 days to kind of get someone engaged and through the results might be 60 to 90 days before we start seeing some real results on that.

Anthony Johnson  10:15
Yeah, that first list of key leaders that we highlighted, though, which was 40 positions or something like that, right? That's the main that's the Yeah. That's the target, yeah. Okay, all right, so recommendation was to get the screen to higher plan down to 45 days, right? So I don't think anybody in here would dispute that. So let's see the game plan on that. How long you need for that?

Speaker 7  10:47
I think it's just better, larger sample size getting through, I'd say 6090,

Unknown Speaker  11:00
Jimmy 45 days, everyone to open up the calendar.

Anthony Johnson  11:08
And then one thing so this is, you know, from the time a job is posted to the time a position is filled as Frank convention yesterday, it's a hard thing to track. In a lot of cases, there's so many positions we have open all the time, but for the ones that are posted and then hired, like, let's get that game plan in place too. So how long do we need to do that? That would a lot, you know, a lot of times. I think he was like, LJC,

Speaker 7  11:37
and we've already been working through that. So I think we're on a way. So maybe let's look at 60 days on that again.

Speaker 2  11:43
Yeah, all right, yes. Can we either have 60 or 90? And then EQ two becomes a 90, and then you can sort by 6090

Unknown Speaker  11:53
and then it'll make it easier to you. I'm saying yeah, then we can focus

Unknown Speaker  11:59
our goals on 60, split

Anthony Johnson  12:01
it up 90, and then there's Okay, any other thoughts on anybody's mind On the first portion, which was talent and compensation?

Unknown Speaker  12:19
I one biggest

Speaker 8  12:27
chart I saw in last two days was the chart that said every half our company is less than two years. Yeah, I don't see that anywhere on that,

Mike Pierle  12:34
and I think that was the first section, right? So here part of the facts around that. We've already done a forecast for the balancing by the end of this year, as well as we just said, If we maintain the same trend of hires, the numbers don't the percent allocation does not shift. So we still stay in that 82% less than five years, and 52% less than seniors. So my suggestion in

Speaker 8  13:00
Bridget every person that's been here less than two years, you have to tie them to a critical person, or person that this company on their

Speaker 5  13:09
next job that they're going to That's so like, whatever that formula looks like. You know that you were trying to figure out,

Speaker 8  13:17
how many years have someone been at Clayco, and how you're mixing and matching for what that project looks like.

Unknown Speaker  13:23
We also have to be very clear on who their

Unknown Speaker  13:26
mentors are. To make like you said, people call people will tell them who their person is, because our team are so big, they

Anthony Johnson  13:33
don't know. Yeah, let's, let's tie that in with the development program. Okay, all right, let's move down to business efficiency and margin then. So first section was enterprise margin education initiatives. This was all great work about primarily talking about how we have to provide enterprise margin visibility from the sales process to the estimate, to the booking of the job, to the execution of the job, to the close out of the job, and make sure that we're measuring is something getting built and finished for what it was sold for. And if not, why not? So that's what a lot of this is, is kind of breaking that down into tasks. So inputting a business unit, exact review into the risk reserve. So we're currently Joel, you were owning most of this, yeah, so it's either Joel or myself, because we've been working on it. Joel Watkins, to plug you in there, and then the enterprise. This is an ongoing effort. How, when will we have this, like, totally rolled out?

Unknown Speaker  14:45
Do we think it's already pretty close to be done? I know it's close.

Speaker 9  14:50
Yeah, yeah, that's within a few weeks of being wrapped up. The only piece of that that needs to be worked on is the forecasting mechanism of each group, where we can incorporate, like, their version of risk reserves into the enterprise. So that's wrong,

Anthony Johnson  15:05
city areas reporting into the risk reserve, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So top one here, Ollie, is 30 days that number 13 enterprise reporting meeting with the subsidiaries.

Unknown Speaker  15:22
I put me down on that one.

Anthony Johnson  15:24
Yeah, this is also just clarifying, getting job site visibility to the enterprise margin, that's right.

Speaker 9  15:32
How long we need for that on that one, I think we're within, I'm gonna say 45 to 60. So call it 60, and we'll probably be done before that.

Anthony Johnson  15:45
All right, okay, subsidiaries reporting into the risk reserve.

Speaker 9  15:51
That one, that's the one I was saying was within a few weeks, so I'm gonna say 30 days. That'll be wrapped up.

Anthony Johnson  15:57
Okay? Profit plan booking process. Now this is somewhat in motion, but yeah,

Speaker 9  16:06
put me down again. I think Mike and I are doing a test case of this, maybe Friday. Yeah, all

Anthony Johnson  16:10
right, so let's say 30 days get that finalized, final fees worth, same thing. Bret, 30 days, and then this is just one note. I added the pie chart that we had in the video we distributed to the hiring managers. How many, how many of you actually got saw the pie chart during your compensation review of the services? This is the one that was in the video that showed what percent of your bonus was from services versus base How many of you actually saw it in your in your review, in your comp discussion? Nobody, yeah, so that that's not good. So we put a video. We'll get it out to people, and we have it as you know, we got the compensation statement. You have this pie chart to share with people

Unknown Speaker  16:58
during their compensation

Speaker 6  17:01
reviews next year they made compensation reviews

Unknown Speaker  17:12
Next year, well, people

Unknown Speaker  17:18
are going to be getting compensation. Someone. Okay, so Bret, wrap

Unknown Speaker  17:25
up that section. So this is essentially, yeah, so call that zero days. It's just, we're going to do what it's done. You. Zero days. It's just we're gonna do what it's done.

Anthony Johnson  17:43
Okay, all right, so next, then we have workflow and subcontract initiatives. So we had the first topic here was the situate, or the first recommendation was to have the situational single Final Project authority. That was when one person would be able to sign off on the project. My comment there was just underscoring the situational aspect of it. My thoughts anyway, I don't think it's a one size fits all solution. We have that done for pro course,

Unknown Speaker  18:20
and to that minor,

Speaker 1  18:26
and it takes you out of having to sign every $250,000 separate case matches what probably does not match what you've got in Procore. So it does not the authority levels go up because of the sizes. Yeah. Talk to Byron if we want to explore that in whole. Explore that before we can change it on project. Yeah, I think you standardize for the 87 projects that we do, and then you do exceptions for projects like mine, energy, THM, we have them in three tiers. Well, okay,

Speaker 3  19:04
you see, let's get reconciled. I think we're all saying this is appropriate on

Anthony Johnson  19:11
a situational basis, right? So, Mike own, that wrapped up 30 days. All right, then the other recommendation was responsibility and accountability matrix. Each project should be being done already, so Mike owns that over. Operation. Okay, next category then was FDA, KPIs and data. Really the objective there is to continue building out the team, continue adapting the technology and getting us to the forward looking data and information versus looking so Tom lancy owns that, and what, 90 days just for two, three, check in. Okay, change orders. So first recommendation was monthly change order meetings with coproeers, and this is basically the Clayco and subsidiaries. Seems like that should absolutely as standard

Speaker 4  20:39
process. So any objection who wants to own that one kind of like a pop in the head house. That's like, we'll start it tomorrow.

Anthony Johnson  20:59
All right, next recommendation was executive level monthly directive alignment on executive change directives. So do I just speak to that again, just to make sure the group understands that that was with respect, I believe

Speaker 1  21:16
it's just making sure, like the ops execs teams, are aligned with what we're submitting and making sure everybody's really just aligned together.

Speaker 3  21:25
I think that could be a part of the month of meeting, yeah, like 2425 and 26 all go forward together as like, a scorecard or a process. Go forward that thou shell follow, yeah, and have that. And the next one, yeah, the first one's like 26 is a statement that everyone asked

Speaker 8  21:45
executive change directive too. Was that like larger changes directives that have more risk potentially on making sure the opposite?

Anthony Johnson  21:52
Yeah, yeah, because that's what it was. It was the ops exact issuing an executive change directive, correct, absence

Speaker 8  21:59
of a directive from the owner. So you know exactly, yeah, director from the owner is a simple change order. That's a normal process. I think I'm looking for something out of the process where

Unknown Speaker  22:10
the director, yeah, so agree, just go ahead and leave 25

Anthony Johnson  22:22
All right, skip the no verbal approvals, okay, training on changes. I thought that was a great idea, too, that was promoted for a lot of reasons, both on the technical aspect of the you know, where I see gaps, continually, get feedback from owners continually is, is the technical review of the estimates and validating quantities and pricing, and then also just on the way that things obviously started, building some tools for that. More on the administrative side of things, but definitely

Unknown Speaker  23:11
the overall process training would be very beneficial.

Anthony Johnson  23:18
Okay, probably 90 days. All right, good, 60 days. Okay, so one recommendation too on change orders that was made was to standardize the change order process using the Clayco GPT admin. I thought there was potentially but love to hear feedback from the room. Well, things got to be informed by your owner contract, right? Like formatting and back up, so as long adapt, I mean, this is really just reviewing the narrative and presentation of the change order right? It should be a contract that prohibits that

Speaker 4  24:09
necessarily automated function, like the pop up comes up. We're doing

Speaker 5  24:18
we're doing this at Rivian now. It's basically a QC check. We did. This is what has to happen for this to be approved, and for Rivian not yell at us, yeah. And then we dump in the final product and it says you're in compliance here, double check, yes, etc. Rivian contract, we different to Amazons. You just got to make sure that that GPT gives you a different checklist. Yeah. We had to tell it what to check out for sure. It's

Unknown Speaker  24:44
helped a lot. By the way, sounds like it's awesome.

Conor Tighe  24:47
I haven't heard any negative feedback. If anybody does have negative feedback, I'd love to hear it. So there's a future state, the sort of takeoff initiative it would feed into change order review, just based off of based on drawings,

Speaker 1  25:02
but that's a clear, I think, distinction just for this group. Most people in the room probably know this, but for those that don't, what exists right now is purely an admin function. So it takes the narratives, it presents it, but it doesn't do the analytical work that needs by our team members, reviewing, you know, looking at the data, making sure it makes sense, comparing it against the drawings, etc. All that still needs to be done, and that's done manually at this point. Ideally, there's a phase two that comes out as the software gets better and AI gets better, that allows us to read and compare and contrast one document versus another that can help with the analysis, but this is just the administrative aspect of it.

Speaker 5  25:49
Anthony, I'm not sure that there's a lot to do, like, lot to stand up here, right? It's really just educating our teams. Hey, look, best practice

Anthony Johnson  25:56
is standardizing the process. Yeah. Ben affair, just

Anthony Johnson  26:07
trying to be okay because it's 30 days. I mean, no one's relatively progressed, right? All right, so then we get into existing

Speaker 1  26:22
just existing, align it with the training as the timeline. So as we're training, we're also rolling them out, yeah.

Speaker 3  26:34
Okay, all right, so then I'll link up to that 3040, all right.

Anthony Johnson  26:41
So then we get into existing business enhancement. And again, this is just putting out the recommendations that were in each one of the slide decks. Continue investment, hiring, life science, growth, yep. Need to continue to get all the talent. We need to execute the work successfully. Another recommendation was focusing on North Carolina market growth. You know, I put no one there, just in the sense of, I mean, we're in North Carolina. We have talent there. We should get more talent there, not because of North Carolina, because if it's great talent, we just need great talent. So, you know, really getting more, continuing to focus on the talent that we need to execute the work successfully and get ourselves positioned for the long game is what's important. If it happens to be North

Anthony Johnson  27:32
Carolina. All right, next was CSI in Chicago. So talked about a few different alternatives here. So one was selective pursuit. CSI has been incredibly successful in Rivian and some of these other projects, we've been able to come to the market on higher margins and that type of work versus the in town, highly competitive market. So certainly that makes sense to proceed with personally, where, you know it seemed like kind of landed yesterday, is that with everything else going on, though, investing in additional resources, specifically in that market for developer led worker, that type of thing, is probably not the top priority right now,

Conor Tighe  28:18
Could general trades potentially be reviewed just as a singular option, just because I I think it doesn't run into the same problems we're talking about yesterday. I mean, under Clayco, yeah, under CSI, through CSI, yeah, like, I think there's opportunity, and it's low hanging fruit. Yeah. Okay, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  28:48
Adam just continues on that,

Anthony Johnson  28:54
and then just add a note after selective Clayco pursuits, add a note. JRS, okay? Be looking at this. Okay, all right, so next, then

Unknown Speaker  29:09
we scroll down a little bit more. Okay. So next we have food and beverage.

Anthony Johnson  29:15
You know, kind of talked about some of this stuff yesterday. Just seemed like, in general, like the opportunity there is in the design side right now, and I had that down the LJC section, as well as, like, you know, really continuing to build out that tip of the spear, or Jon crosses, but continuing to build out that tip of The spear, because that's what, that's what makes us successful. And you know, certainly a top 20 owner target list. We should always know who the top targets are. You know, that should just be something we generate and kind of keep updating the back of our mind. And let's be selective, and, you know, super aggressive towards the right opportunities. But, you know, in a in a market like this, where a lot of the contractors that are not busy are willing to take, you know, bad terms, bad contracts, long payments, you know, it's not something that I think we need to put a super highly focused effort in right now, but getting that design, subject matter expertise lets us keep our foot in the water too, lets us have those experts to be able to put in the room when the right deal comes along. You know, what's the Advanced Manufacturing real space. Now, a lot of these recommendations were defense based. They weren't necessarily for the other markets, but hire the PA and E personnel, you know, similarly there, the design really helps the value proposition, understanding, you know, beyond the beyond these walls, understanding the inner workings of the facilities. Robotics, again, seems like you mentioned, seems like that's going to be a big wave of the future in these facilities. So starting to develop that subject matter expertise is something that makes a lot of sense. You know, the Ben defense focused team. I think if we we were going to do a defense focused strategy, you know, that would be something we look into. But seems like, you know, some of the adjacent stuff we can position ourselves with the people in the marketing you know, I think the way we brand things, I think you mentioned, yeah. I think on the defense side, we can do that. What we have, yeah, yeah. All right. Same thing. Top 20 target list. No question should always be updated in that, because the markets change too. I mean, manufacturing is a lot of different things. It's cars, it's planes, it's generators, it's robotics, it's all the above. So let's see. And then, yeah, the branding for markets specific, that's just like a situational thing, whatever, whatever sells.

Speaker 3  31:55
I think the other thing that kind of adds to this is like it marking to help us update market dynamics content, because I think that'll help explain to some of these target clients what's going on in the market, and hopefully help us get some higher fees on the stuff they do want to do. Yeah, because I think a lot of them are clueless as to how you know how much of an issue the market has right now with qualified contractors.

Anthony Johnson  32:22
You Yep, okay, let's see, because we're talking so back on food and beverage. Chris, why don't you own the top 20 list, and then also the hiring of the A and E for actually, Jon, you should, you should. We're gonna have an exception here. You guys are both gonna have, all right, so then, Scott, you want to work on that value property one of Michael, do that? Or plum robotics, yeah, yeah, I can do that.

Speaker 3  32:58
Okay, all right, top 20 list. I can take the list, Michael, branding, market specific. Me.

Anthony Johnson  33:07
All right. So then we got, I mean, getting more design help is like mission critical to the bit, to that part of business, I'd say, I mean, I mean, I think we really got to try to get some key talent in the next 90 days. So let's put 90 days for 43 and for

Anthony Johnson  33:35
and then let's see ultimately this so develop tip of the spear SME sales, continuing to build the SME talent for Life Sciences. And like we've been talking for design, for food and beverage and for manufacturing, Elizabeth Zucker does not appear to be here, so we're going to sign her up for that. And same thing, like the end of q1 we've got to make some movement in those spaces, for sure. And she's totally up to speed on that. Her and I and Zac talked about, okay, all right. One thought, you know, as we went through the services yesterday, I think there's a lot of things we need to think about there. One, we have to be cognizant of the fact that we're in a crazy, you know, good market right now, which is not always going to be there, and what are we going to do when it's not so I think, you know, setting up a strategic planning meeting to really think through, you know, the next iterations of growth are great, but let's also think through, like, different scenarios and how we make all that happen. So get something set up for that that's probably going to be over the next six months, I'd say so,

Speaker 9  34:47
meeting with Kevin Eichner tomorrow to talk about that, just to get it on his radar and allow us to move some of that forward. All right.

Anthony Johnson  34:59
Okay, and we have sports next, okay? And actually, it's kind of similar for several of these new markets. I think there was a ton of really good information that was shared, and it's great. We've got Jason here now we've got Marc legacy background. There's a lot of information, I think that needs to be understood here before you know, it's like, Hey, let's go spend $2 million hiring people to go chase semiconductor plants or whatever. So what my my thought recommendation, what I'm sure a lot of folks would like to see is, I think all of these, several of these are good markets. And I'd like to see just a more advanced business plan, what a real market plan would look like. Get a little bit deeper. On the numbers, get a little bit deeper. What the real what are the clients really saying? Where are they really building? And just try to see what that would look like. Also on the sports side, I would say there's some, I think, studying to be done and validating to be done about where can we really drive the margin to? It's pretty low. Is Jason in here? Oh yeah, pretty low stated fees initially. So let's like really work through how it fits in the overall business. So semi, So Jason, you want to own the sports one. This is line 58 and let's just work on this over the next quarter. And then I'd say the same thing for semiconductors. Was just

Speaker 3  36:45
not in here. But who's working on that? Put mark on it. We put mark on it. Hankins is going to help as well, but Mark is responsible, all right.

Anthony Johnson  37:02
Wastewater Treatment, same thing. I mean, seems like it's adjacent to a lot of things we're doing. It's obviously huge. Concrete self performance, the majority job. Lot of things there probably look like they make sense. Let's just dive in a little bit deeper. Get a thorough business plan put together. Who owns this one?

Speaker 9  37:20
JR, or myself, JR or Ryan, okay, you want to? Do you want? JR, okay, and same thing. 90 days,

Anthony Johnson  37:37
okay, solar. This is just a crit note. I google over time, scale up, self perform, just walk before we run. All right, and then aviation side, you know, same thing, Mac, where you at. Let's keep let's really think through how we can keep driving up e to be on these projects, getting deeper and deeper into the JRS carpentry, those types of things. Also, we definitely do need to, like, we've got a big opportunity now. We've got two big jobs to, you know, really lean into the hiring of the core talent that we need. So I'd say in the next 120 days we get this contract assignments, make sure we start

Anthony Johnson  38:40
making that happen. Okay? Meeting culture. Any other comments anybody have in the last part? All right, so meeting culture, first recommendation was to send survey participants of the 13 meetings that were in the slide deck. My thought there was, why not? Why not give people speed back and say and go from there? Anybody? Any other thoughts? Absolutely. All right, so who's going to own that? Brandon,

Speaker 5  39:21
Mike and I have had ongoing discussions about meetings which have been agreeable, others not as much. All right,

Unknown Speaker  39:33
let's let Austin All right, but

Speaker 5  39:36
we haven't teed up now. I mean, to get the results to digest it, let's just put 60 days faster.

Anthony Johnson  39:43
Okay, so green line meaning consolidation recommendations. This is kind of contingent upon the survey data, right? So we'll just kind of PDD that one and then sponsor the outlook meeting checklist with it,

Anthony Johnson  40:06
yeah, my thought was, why not give it a beta test?

Anthony Johnson  40:17
Okay, all right, so who owns that Brandon, yep, how long does it take to get rolled out? Couple hours

Unknown Speaker  40:28
within hour without depends on

Speaker 8  40:31
work through it. So, 60 days. Okay, if I'm driving that I need so Brendan can give me info, but I forgot that that one for okay,

Anthony Johnson  40:48
this is the part of the meeting, culture initiatives. Everybody's all gonna be working together. Brenda moment, Jeff, you'll help. Everybody can help. And let's so how long do we need to get this rolled out, or not even rolled out? How long do we need to get it whenever ready to roll out? Because we got to get a list of

Speaker 5  41:13
people together. We got to get Julie's already been talking to it, and it's possible we just need a green line so we do it.

Anthony Johnson  41:19
So go fast, yeah, 30 days. But with respect to the security side of things, the IP coordination, like, like, there's obviously some conversations. Jeff, you get the 60. Okay, let's go to 30. Then you go to 30 then for a beta test. Okay, replace meetings with training videos. I think it's a great thought. My note, there was maybe something later.

Anthony Johnson  42:12
Thoughts, then we can kind of prioritize what we do, okay, software kill list, which was politely renamed the software prioritization so convert renewals into Portfolio decisions. Obviously, yes, and my comment here was just, let's get the list and go through it and see what we think are some priorities. I know we're we have, I think, three alternatives we're kind of looking at too from a potential AI replacement on a cost benefit basis. So that'll be part of that whole decision making process there too, right? So Jeff owns that.

Speaker 2  42:51
Another part of this, like, Can we pass more of our software costs to our projects as a direct cost? So we're not absorbing it? I don't we're charging for software. But to what extent can we improve that?

Conor Tighe  43:07
Yeah, we do look at that. But, I mean, we just went through a review, yeah, one preconstruction side, and we're sort of recasting how the recoveries are looking. So we've, we've reviewed it a number of times internally, including with Jeff. Yeah, we're probably 30 days from but we already, we already do some of it. We already passed some of the software costs. There's we're looking it's goofy how it currently is, which it's like, based off of volumes, and it has these weird tranches. So we've evaluated what the cost of the software is, what the recoveries are looking like and trying to sit behind. Okay, all right, let's see.

Anthony Johnson  43:49
So this is over the next how long Jeff is? Renewals, it's

Speaker 2  43:54
for the whole year, but plans are in place if we want to do the list sharing amongst the discrimination.

Anthony Johnson  44:01
Okay? All right, 30 days, all right. Whole new spend to higher bar. Obviously, that's awesome. Okay, scroll down. Okay, free FPM and PE time. I think we talked a lot today about like getting the message out and having people see ideas and see how things work is a big way of how people are inspired to learn how the tools work on their own. So the AI champions program rollout that was getting people to job sites, getting people to see teams, definitely seems like something we should keep rolling with. Who owns that? That's Brenna. Okay. We meet every two weeks. So yeah, I'm all good. It's already done. Okay? Agent, tech adoption coach. This was so again, this was where you kind of have, you have an agent that's basically helping coach you to use AI tools, right? So this is, again, another one where it's like, Should we do a beta and kind of, check it out, we're doing a beta. Some people have already sent me a message today, thanks to a bunch of people who sent me a message saying they want to be part of beta, we're going to, I say, we do 20 people again with this 30 days. Okay, any other thoughts? Do a bad job. Okay, all right, so 30 days

Anthony Johnson  45:41
from Okay, scale uses of purpose built tools. No question. That kind of ties back to the adoption topic, deliberate cases. This is what spreads adoption. So this is, you know, Shawn's what he was talking to earlier, with the agencies created, and getting that to an operations meeting, for example. I think it was a great idea that came out today. So let's, let's definitely champion that. Let's put Shawn on for that. Figure that out over the next 30 days. Let's look at the venues, audiences and the tools that we want to do that with. All right, let's keep going. Okay, operations, initiatives, you know, this section here, a lot of was, you know, a lot of initiatives that the team's been found through, really getting the audience informed on what some of those initiatives are. So not a ton of action items here. One action item, I think, on the this is the staffing capacity was also this was kind of a note in there about also creating visibility for the project executive side of the business too. So yeah, Michael on that. It's gone. Okay, quality, merging tag and QC together. Just want to make sure everybody saw that or that presentation. The confusion is gone. Okay, quick question, word tag now,

Unknown Speaker  47:12
just Q, right.

Speaker 5  47:15
So I think we do need to figure out how we carry the money that the function of tags still exist within Clayco Q. I think that from a sales standpoint, we need to figure out how we can carry that money in the estimate, so that we can

Anthony Johnson  47:28
bill for it, logo and everything too.

Speaker 5  47:34
So we just treat Clayco right like to date LJC pay it out.

Unknown Speaker  47:42
We still well, we're

Anthony Johnson  47:45
still gonna have a third party billing. We need

Unknown Speaker  47:49
to figure out how We clarify that the contract.

Speaker 3  47:55
What they're wanting to be a direct call. It's, it's gonna, we're gonna, Chad and I are working on that. We need to push it out, because they're believe but yeah,

Unknown Speaker  48:07
how the deal gets sold?

Anthony Johnson  48:09
Yeah, we'll scope it. How it gets built out for the project. Yeah, you have some contracts, and clients are going to expect you to have a quality team of 10 people on the job site and others that don't get creative.

Speaker 5  48:23
Who's providing the pricing for the budget. They all start with Larry, because he's always the first one touching it. Make sure we

Unknown Speaker  48:38
get him into building connected. So it's like every week we at least get it 30 days.

Anthony Johnson  48:52
Okay, 30 days sounds good, all right, and then roll out, get visible. I always challenge Chad that we've got to get like this seen and heard by a lot more people and amplified the way that safety is, and that's really a lot of you in this room need to help with that message. Everybody in this room talks a lot about safety. We need everybody in this room to talk a lot about quality too. So, big launch, KPIs visibility. When are we saying that as

Speaker 1  49:30
we went to a video in like 30 days to get the metrics and the messaging fully out? There? 60 strong. But

Anthony Johnson  49:40
Okay, so let's say in the next quarter, you know, so next 90 days. Okay, operational pillars at scale that's underway.

Unknown Speaker  49:55
Okay? World tours, like we discussed, continue to roll out of 2.0

Anthony Johnson  50:05
I do think we talked about this a bit, but like, making sure somehow people got the eyes on the site, bridge, bridged over, you know, what we have done just for people's awareness, like, like, some of the bigger jobs, you know, we've had, either Ryan or Mike or myself, or Bob is going to THM. But there's other projects too, that, you know, get just at a great point Adam, or even just getting Bob's exact across. So let's get a plan around that Mike, you want to do that next 30 days? What about the scheduling that was we talked about that verbally,

Unknown Speaker  50:49
how we're going to improve on scheduling. What's the next steps? I don't have that.

Speaker 3  50:57
And what about the accountability on site, too. We talked about with the role change,

Speaker 6  51:05
like with ops execs, that's already underway, that's been underway for three months, four months, okay,

Anthony Johnson  51:20
all right, world class precon and planning. So planning process, automating some of those tasks, you know, certainly on a beta sense that seems to make sense. Seems like there's a lot of opportunity in the software staff within precon, for sure.

Speaker 1  51:35
So Conor has was CSI engaged in the formulation of the concrete. They're, they're

Conor Tighe  51:42
actually leading it. So it's, it's already in works. I think we'll I would just for something that's in that first stage. I would just call it out for 60 days. Obviously, as you continue to sort of build the automation, it's going to be to have a longer burn, but the sort of the first tranche of it's probably 60 days. What do you think Brandon, I think we're being done on a Friday. We'll figure it out. Yeah, we're meeting on a Friday. We have a meeting on this plan within a week. Yeah? So it takes a while, yeah,

Anthony Johnson  52:27
yeah, all right, so add a note here develop initial plan, which is, say within 14 days, so we got some time to refine it, yeah? But that seems okay, all right, and then the hybrid procurement, this is basically kind of, you know, additional staff serving both preconstruction and operations, bridging duties. Basically, yep, you know, at the end of the day, I think it kind of all boils down to resource availability. And there will be instances where that person is bogged down to and someone from operations has to step into so it's really another, just person in the process up front. So yeah, any questions, comments on that, thoughts,

Speaker 2  53:09
who's making the decisions on roll out, how we roll vision, like a lot of this stuff out. What do you mean? It just seems like a lot of stuff all at once in 60 days. To tell people, these are all the new things.

Anthony Johnson  53:23
Well, a lot of your, I mean, a lot of this, a lot of these, 60 days or 30 days, are reporting back on, what is the next, what is the next step? You know, like with Conor preconstruction, there's also some lot of these things that we've had underway for a bit. It's really just getting it to the finish line, mailing it out. Quality, for example,

Speaker 2  53:42
whenever we go, like, if we start rolling out a bunch of stuff, Oh, for sure, people complain.

Speaker 3  53:52
Whenever there's for sure they don't have this stuff. And

Anthony Johnson  54:02
again you go through this list, there's a lot of things we're playing for a significant catch up on, and there's some things we're really doing to position ourselves. So okay, so I'm a hybrid. We have a we have a plan drafted. So it's, it's already been drafted. We're sort of up taking the leader and refining what the actual strategy and how it'll all work. So I would just give me 90 days, because at this point that individual is learning. They have to learn all of our processes do stuff before we can make any type of actual change or strategic move? Yep. Okay, perfect. Sounds good. All right. So the intent is, then the owners here will work with either myself or Mike or Steve or Ryan, or Ryan or Shawn, and we'll champion get this stuff across the finish line. Like I mentioned, these are all the top priorities that we've identified in the company, or are the things we need to build on. So any burning things that we've missed that we're not in this list we haven't hit on the last couple days, we're a couple minutes long.

Unknown Speaker  55:12
No sure if the early engagement of the subsidiaries, like an estimated and precon, I think that's

Conor Tighe  55:18
that's key for about it. That's Jason and I. We have regular meetings. Okay, well, cool. Well, we're

Anthony Johnson  55:30
a couple minutes past, but again, appreciate everyone's awesome work and awesome attention that you paid, too. It's a long two days. So thank you for that, and it's been well worth it and really enjoyed seeing the product. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  56:02
All right, it's I don't think, Wow. Thank

Unknown Speaker  57:00
I'm Just victory

Speaker 8  57:22
Hour. And

Unknown Speaker  58:00
Chicago.

Unknown Speaker  58:20
Right Now, oh, yeah, that fight to catch tonight. Yeah, it'll be good to get back. Yeah, I'll tell you what. This room is hot. It does the last two days, like yesterday. I was like, today.

Speaker 9  58:39
It was like, today was fine, yeah, today, yesterday was Yeah, I feel like I left here and I've been sweating in the gym all day. Yeah? Like I worked a lot.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai