Unknown Speaker  00:18
Dominance number I can tease him. I don't do his phone. Yeah, no,

Speaker 1  00:25
I just updated the meeting invite with the correct link to join.

Speaker 2  00:32
Okay, I'm just gonna tell him, because he's sending memes, non stop memes. Did you get the email?

Speaker 1  00:39
Which one check your inbox? Dating, meeting invite? It's gonna be from not yet.

Conor Tighe  00:46
See if it's in the other sometimes it shows up, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  00:50
not even in the focus box, because I think I had forwarded it.

Unknown Speaker  01:00
Because I think I had forwarded it to others in our team so that the description is changed. This is now here.

Ryan Hankins  01:09
It's, yeah, I see the location there. So the location is Google, meet, click

Unknown Speaker  01:15
that email that just came here.

Unknown Speaker  01:17
Oh, this one.

Unknown Speaker  01:25
Yeah, you can click the Join,

Ryan Hankins  01:27
I'm already joined.

Speaker 1  01:31
Maybe go to the Tom check. You may want to get out of that link. It may be a,

Unknown Speaker  01:35
oh, might be, we're going to

Unknown Speaker  01:37
be in a different link. It should be in this

Ryan Hankins  01:41
email here, Jake, that's and then

Unknown Speaker  01:49
you can

Speaker 2  01:56
just stay in this meeting. And how you're going to share your screen is click the three dots. See if it lets you.

Ryan Hankins  02:03
Well, okay, now, man, okay. Do you have any questions

Unknown Speaker  02:11
about sharing? Explanatory,

Unknown Speaker  02:15
yeah, we should be, we should be,

Speaker 2  02:16
and you can do entire screen, or you can pick a program. It'll just, it'll only focus on, yeah, yes, all right. So if you go and click the program, there you go, there you'll leave that. Okay, perfect.

Ryan Hankins  02:29
We're making progress today. Looks like you

Speaker 1  02:45
Robin and Dom back now. I think that's it, right? Yeah, I haven't

Speaker 3  02:50
heard from anyone else that they're trying to join, but I'm sending it to the whole team just in case anybody

Ryan Hankins  03:02
wants to. May. Have one. Robin, oh, she joined, perfect. Yeah, I'm on Good morning. Good morning. Robin, do you want to do a quick introduction, just for the team, just so they know who you are? Oh, sure.

Speaker 4  03:20
Good morning, everybody. Robin artist Lawler calling in from our Clayco offices in St Louis today, I am vice president of project development for Clayco over the project development team here and processes, Project processes for the enterprise. So nice to meet you all,

Ryan Hankins  03:42
and she's, I know we talked about join her. Her team will be helping with getting join set up, and as we start getting into the VE process.

Speaker 5  03:50
So perfect. Yes, I see you again. I Everyone, Morning guys,

Speaker 6  04:19
well, this probably looks real similar to what we had in our presentation. Originally, you can see track j is where the building is. This was our logistics plan. Originally, we had all of our lay down to the plan West, which it's my understanding now, or our understanding that you all are purchasing tracks K, L and M as well. So it really made a lot of sense for us to move to the south to track L for lay down and trailers and all that you can see in the corner there, we actually located where we feel it would make sense to put temp power. I'm not sure if the temp power would be coming from that substation nearby, but that would be a

Unknown Speaker  05:10
ridiculous down here

Unknown Speaker  05:13
run for that substation.

Speaker 6  05:15
Yeah, and if this is used for temp power on this phase, then you could use temp power for, you know, any other build out that you do on the adjacent lots as well? To us, it just kind of made sense. Let's do that. We show our trailer city. There some contractor trailers, big lunch tent. You can see our lay down area there in the red. One of the things that we always look at is flow on a project, right? Delivery flow. And this doesn't necessarily mean this is how it's got to be, but we didn't do here. We got delivery drivers coming in from the road above and just coming in here. And this is where you decide, are we going to deliver material to put in the building right away, or are we going to put in the lay down yard? So if it goes in the building, we just follow this path out after they are unloaded. But if they're unloaded in the lay down yard, just move them through here and then out again, so that there's always a flow. And it just made a lot of sense. That doesn't mean that things can't change, right? Obviously, we'd like your guys input on this, but I believe

Speaker 1  06:31
I read somewhere that you guys might want a trailer on site. Yeah, we trailer on site as well. So you know, next to wherever you guys are at works for us. I'm thinking there could probably be, we would need space for probably about eight people. You know, I think there's really only going to be two, primarily in the beginning, and as we get closer to commissioning and stuff, we'll have some of our engineering team join us onsite, and they'll pretty much relocate permanently at that point. But we would just need space for not one trailer, I think would be sufficient for all of the PF stuff.

Ryan Hankins  07:07
One like double wide.

Speaker 1  07:08
Yeah. With that, I know. What are you thinking for security fencing? What is what does that look like?

Speaker 6  07:19
I think that we would. I'm trying to remember between the two lots, it was roughly 35 acres. Is that sound?

Speaker 1  07:29
That does and I can, I can pull it up. I think Al is the smallest one. I want to say it was like nine,

Unknown Speaker  07:37
yeah. I think you're right,

Speaker 1  07:39
yeah, yeah. Ours is seven team for reference, right the track J on at the top. So I believe track l was was about nine, because between the three of them that we're purchasing was

Speaker 6  07:51
like 30 acres total, yeah. So I think the idea would be to fence in both areas. We probably want to leave that area through the middle. So for the road improvements and whatnot, leave that open, but essentially treat it as two job sites with cameras on both sides and security lighting, lighting, yeah,

Speaker 1  08:19
and then the actual job site that will be fixed in during the course

Unknown Speaker  08:25
of construction? Yes,

Speaker 6  08:27
absolutely. That kind of makes sense to you. What we're thinking it does. And, you know, some of the things I was trying to like,

Speaker 1  08:38
you know, leave it in my head is what, what will it look like when we're done? And what can I potentially repurpose, or, you know, use for future expansion where I don't have to, you know, like Kraft parking, for example, if I want overflow parking, you know, in the future, maybe developing it in a way where we can, we can use a lot, utilize it a little bit more long term than, than just

Ryan Hankins  09:03
for the project future expansion. And that's why we actually chose the smaller of the four tracks, because we figured if you're going to build you'll have more flexibility on the others. And so we can almost keep, I mean, we can always keep everything as is the rock for the parking lot, like, you know, like the light towers up, if we have those cameras, like all that could just be kept in place, and you can just use that as your permanent construction yard until you need to expand to that last tract. But that's up to you guys.

Unknown Speaker  09:37
What else are we missing?

Conor Tighe  09:38
Do we know where electrical is coming in, just so that we understand

Unknown Speaker  09:45
we don't know exactly

Conor Tighe  09:47
coming in there. Do we know where the permanent power is coming in? I don't from the utility.

Speaker 1  09:55
So I mean our the pad will be aged north, right where our electrical yard is. That's where we're the PNM yard will be on our site. So we're asking for Yeah, yeah, right. I'm sorry, it's down here, near, like, right. Sorry, right above where you have access point right there.

Ryan Hankins  10:22
Think the main electrical is right in this corner. Yeah, I think we have the capacitors out here, and all

Speaker 3  10:29
the transformers are out in the yard to the to the left, to the west of the building, right there, right here. We just those

Unknown Speaker  10:34
bathroom symbols are. That's where I think we're gonna happen.

Conor Tighe  10:38
Got you just may want to consider that, because sometimes it doesn't go as fast as you want, and it chokes. It chokes off the access point. So that may be once, something that we just have to take back and look at.

Speaker 1  10:54
Yeah, I know they'll they're requiring a 20 foot by 40 foot pad in that space with access to it. So it's, it's a little bit more substantial than we were planning for. I think we've had to make some adjustments on our on our site plan to accommodate so it is going to be a relatively large path.

Speaker 6  11:13
I think equally important is to understand where it's coming from, yeah, so that we could plan around it. Because, I mean, it's easy to move stuff, but why? If you know where it's coming in, right? I remember,

Speaker 1  11:28
if I remember correctly, from PNM, they're going to feed it from two substations. One is the substation to the south, which is the Netflix one, and they have one other substation, but the name of it is slipping my mind, but it's further to the north, so yeah, I think we'll have two feet.

Speaker 6  11:50
It'll be a 10 meta service. So essentially, coming up probably between tracks L and M, right, most likely, or I guess, even possibly on the left hand side of the track down, possibly, I don't know that they would cut through track 15, which is below that

Ryan Hankins  12:21
area. Do we know? Do we know, if the utility is going to do the duck bank, are they going to ask us to perfect the duck bank for for temporary as well as permanent power to get to the transformer? Just wanted to make sure that they're actually carrying that and they don't want us to carry, you know, digging and putting in the conduit and whatnot?

Conor Tighe  12:43
Yeah. The reason we're asking is that there's sometimes challenges with mv duck bank, choking out areas of your enclosure build depending on how they're sort of sequencing and where they're coming from.

Unknown Speaker  12:56
And you say today, meaning basic also, yes, yes, yeah.

Conor Tighe  13:02
Really, whoever is doing it could be our sub can choke ourselves.

Speaker 7  13:11
Josh about the off site improvements, because that temporary power on that side was as well PNM mike, mike and Josh, they work with the city and PNM quite a bit,

Unknown Speaker  13:27
so very well that you're concerned about

Speaker 7  13:29
the temporary, powerful way you have it, and where the power is coming in, whether that, if there's if they have any comments

Unknown Speaker  13:37
on it, Mike,

Speaker 8  13:40
there's 10 foot pues along all of those records. So that road currently on the east side of where that is is referred to as Watson, and the road above that is referred to as Fritz, at that intersection that we have right there, and there is a 10 foot PUE along both sides of both of those roads in all directions. And I'm trying to look through some of my files in terms of where the existing power is. I do know that there are some dry utilities in those existing 10 foot PVS along Watson, which, again, is that North South Road. And so I think where you have it makes a lot of sense, whether or not that becomes the actual pole location, or if it's outside of that type of PUE, I think it serves that area well.

Ryan Hankins  14:35
And I mean, like, I think you were asking for exact coordinates. I think what we're saying is, like, whatever the parameters are, like we want it on the on the inside of that corner, wherever that corner may be. Let me just call it 10 foot, five foot off of that corner, and we'll pull it from there. And as you can see, we have enough room for for our logistics in there, so we can just shift those if we need to. Or, you know, okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  15:01
no, that's, that's one of the questions PNM have. Is for temp power, they just want the the coordinates of where we where we want to put it. So previously, we had given them different directions, but that was because we were only going to have one tract of land. So now this puts us in a slightly

Ryan Hankins  15:16
different location, and you can keep it permanent, like you, like, going back to your comment, like, we can just keep this whole thing permanent, you know, all the, all the, you know, service and whatnot, could just stay there, even for your future boats, is that,

Unknown Speaker  15:35
is that road paved

Speaker 1  15:37
at this point or only up to a certain point? There's like, the turn around,

Ryan Hankins  15:42
yeah, the turnaround is, we went over there, and that's

Speaker 1  15:44
Bret partials over here, yeah, and that's where our, one of our improvements, starts and stops. I think you can see it up here in this i

Speaker 7  16:00
Hmm, so in terms of the timing of when these improvements happen, how is that

Speaker 1  16:10
off site versus onsite? I mean, it's really just how we coordinate it. So there's, there's a few different offsite improvements. Mike could probably explain them better, but yeah, there's the two Fritz and Watson will need to get built out. And then we have OS three here, which is the expansion of the retention ponds on the west side.

Speaker 8  16:31
And then the fourth piece is the completion of Crick Avenue on the north end. Crick Avenue is there's a portion of it that transitions to so there's a section of that piece that would need to be finalized, and then the intersection of Watson would be completed as a part

Speaker 1  16:51
of that's it. Yeah, and I believe for for Clayco scope, you guys have all the road improvements. The one that you guys don't have is OS three, which are the retention ponds, which is currently planned to be done by Mesa vessel.

Ryan Hankins  17:03
Okay, so you guys do want us to do these in road improvements?

Speaker 1  17:08
Okay, good deal. So the sequencing, yeah, that'll that'll make it easier on your side, not having to coordinate with the third party.

Ryan Hankins  17:15
Yeah, that's perfect, because that's one of the things we were worried about putting logistics over here, was having to potentially cross the road with while construction was going on. So for over here, we can, we can plan our destiny as far as when this road gets built. This road gets built, that's perfect.

Ryan Hankins  17:39
Do we do we know what the design timeline for that road is, are you guys designing it? Mike and

Speaker 3  17:45
Josh civil that's a separate contract, but they're right here.

Ryan Hankins  17:48
Okay, got you? That's Bohannon, Houston,

Unknown Speaker  17:51
yeah, nice to meet. You guys will definitely be

Ryan Hankins  17:53
able to shake hands

Speaker 8  17:55
at some point in time. The that design goes through a different permitting process within the city of Mount Carmel. It follows our public or order process right now, you know, depending on timing of construction, but we're building the Construction Docs themselves or and Josh, Greg, if I'm wrong, but shooting towards the end of July, start putting shovels in the ground. But a lot of times the public report order improvements tend to get saved for towards the end of the project as to not get damaged during the course period. That's correct.

Unknown Speaker  18:42
I through it. That's correct. BJ, but yeah, we're shooting together. Final, sometime early July.

Unknown Speaker  18:48
Takes a couple weeks for us to get fully approved mindsets that you guys can pull from the city. So that's where the end of July is coming from.

Speaker 3  18:58
Sorry, you said a couple weeks. I don't, doesn't matter. I'm for me. I just writing those down a couple weeks for the final approval.

Unknown Speaker  19:05
Josh, yeah, just figuring our process and whatnot. So maybe I should go and pull the work order. So we're shooting for that end of July is when hopefully you guys can pull the work order.

Speaker 6  19:18
So would that be a specific fusion funded improvement, or is that? Mr. No, I

Speaker 1  19:25
believe that that specific fusion funded and then there's some reimbursement stuff that may happen in the background. So that sequencing with with those road improvements, I imagine you guys will, that'll be one of the last things you guys do as you're as we're thinking, right? That's not, shouldn't

Unknown Speaker  19:45
impact the schedule. Yeah, I mean, we got plenty of time to do it. We'll just sequence

Unknown Speaker  19:51
it so there's very

Speaker 7  19:57
little impact anywhere. Stuff like that, is that part of your property, not part of the property? How do you maybe, Mike,

Speaker 8  20:11
I'll offer some some good information based off what we've seen recently, a lot of times the Swift would incorporate not only the site, but also the surrounding roadways. And in order to get a building permit, the integrated permit, there's going to need to be an ESC plan put together, and we typically will lean on to the Swift contractors to put that together, because it's kind of a living document, as you guys know, winds up evolving based on construction sequencing and and then that would, I would assume that the city is also going to ask that that includes the lay down yard and the tent city and the area south of Fritz. So I would just keep that in mind when you guys were working with the Swift contractor.

Ryan Hankins  21:07
So I did start looking into Swift contractors. We have, like our favorite nationally. But as we were looking through it, it probably makes sense for whoever is doing most of the work in Mesa Del Sol development to like use them. And so one thing we were looking for was to see who did Facebook or who did Netflix. See who did you know? I don't know how long ago the DEA building was built, but see who did all that work.

Unknown Speaker  21:32
Yeah. Do you happen to know that Mike with

Speaker 8  21:35
your man contacts, and I'll send those off to you guys. Okay, great. Do

Ryan Hankins  22:00
I don't think we've seen any design development on those roads. What? What level of and I know you said you still have to go through city approvals and whatnot, but what's, what's the status of the design overall for those roads?

Speaker 8  22:17
Good question. We are looking to do a check set by the end of this week, we're pretty close being able to set our initial 60% package into the city. We'll be able to provide you guys with a check set so you can begin some pricing exercises as necessary. Done,

Ryan Hankins  22:42
Erica plan to budget that, yeah, okay,

Ryan Hankins  23:01
not I mean, so actually, it's a good point. Are we building the whole road, all the way across between the tracks, or are we just doing just the half road?

Unknown Speaker  23:10
Half road is typically what is built, and that half road includes

Speaker 8  23:20
enough travel lane for cars to go in each direction, so there will be a remaining small section of asphalt and Kurt bet are on the east side as well as on the south side of Frick's that will not be built.

Ryan Hankins  23:36
Okay? We would just treat them as one project, we would just, you know, we do it that

Speaker 8  23:45
gives you more one thing maybe that to consider. I don't know if we would want to do this or not, but would be to potentially break out the utilities from the roadway improvements. So underneath threats, there's a need for a water line that extends across from the existing roundabout to the intersection of Watson and fruits, and then within Watson there's an extension of a sanitary sewer line. And perhaps there's an opportunity for us to build just the utilities and we break up the work order packages into one work order package. That way those are in and in the event that we need to pull services or whatever you offer, those actually completed early, and then later on, say, improvements towards the end of the project could be an opportunity that we can explore. Makes sense? Yeah, that

Ryan Hankins  24:40
definitely makes sense. Yeah, that definitely makes

Speaker 6  24:53
sense. I think we would just want to Nick just understand how you would want us to track the cost if you need it separated

Speaker 1  25:01
or not? Yeah, we would have to track it separately reimbursement. So we'll have to figure out how to segregate that. I can break it out. Okay, yeah, yeah, hopefully it's not like a separate po or anything, just like WBS code, whatever. Okay,

Speaker 1  25:25
another thing, just general security. What were you guys thinking? Were you going to have, like a security guard posted checking people who go in and out? What? What does that kind of look like?

Speaker 6  25:39
I mean, a lot of times what we'll use is a camera, and it's monitored for off work hours, on work hours. I mean, we've been successful having somebody stationed at the job site throughout the whole day, so we can do that. I mean, I don't think we've thought through entire plan quite yet.

Speaker 9  26:04
It really, we have the cameras, and it's, they're really good. It's through a company called since Sarah, it's 24/7 monitoring, and they pick up everything. So it's,

Ryan Hankins  26:15
it really depends on what you guys want, though. I mean, if you guys want a fully staffed guard, like we've done that before. It just costs just, it's cost prohibitive most of the time.

Speaker 1  26:25
So it would just be, yeah, they would be able to drive up freely to the parking lot and go to the job site that they would Is there someone checking them as they come in, like badges and stuff. Okay? Now that makes sense to me, and we do? You guys have an estimated head count of what you're you're looking at now you have some preliminary numbers.

Ryan Hankins  26:48
Yeah, we were thinking like 350 Okay, potentially more. But that 350 was kind of like what we thought the average burn was towards the peak, okay? And then

Speaker 1  27:02
we're looking just a total of 18 months overall durations where we're tracking. So

Ryan Hankins  27:10
it's good amount of people.

Speaker 1  27:11
Yeah, it is. It very busy place. I want to make sure we're tracking all that. And then, yeah, we can talk about security and stuff, yeah, as we get a little bit more into it, that looks like, yeah, we've done it

Unknown Speaker  27:27
like whatever, all different ways. It just

Unknown Speaker  27:28
depends on what works best for this project.

Speaker 1  27:33
Yeah, I think it's a fairly, relatively isolated location out there. We won't have too much concern, but always worried about things walking off the site.

Unknown Speaker  27:43
Yeah, copper is the big one.

Speaker 1  27:44
Yeah, absolutely, some of those facilities surrounding the area will be a little bit of a deterrent.

Unknown Speaker  27:53
I was gonna say, man, there's like some facilities security walk?

Speaker 1  28:05
No, I think that that looks like a really good plan and very achievable. So I will pull you guys into the next meeting I have with PNM. That way we can make sure we're all squared away on the temporary location and the permanent power location too, and gets understand all the requirements. My understanding, like permanent power is basically we own everything from the meter downstream. That's how that's where the scope, we can talk through that. And there's some flexibility in there as well, if there's certain things that you guys would prefer to execute. So we can talk

Ryan Hankins  28:44
through that. They've been good to work with. Yeah, so far, so good.

Speaker 1  28:49
Have any meter issues, they're they're just always worried. They're worried about getting the permanent service in time for us. So, I mean, they're already in engineering now, so they should go quickly, but it's all it's a big service.

Ryan Hankins  29:02
Do we know when temp power is going to be delivered

Speaker 1  29:05
to the site? They were hoping to have it by May or June of this year.

Unknown Speaker  29:08
Okay, that's great. They're on track already.

Speaker 1  29:11
They just, that's why they're they're bugging me for the location, so I think that'll once I give them that they can give me their final pricing, and we should be able to move forward on it. Great.

Speaker 7  29:28
Anything else are you up to the off site stuff, permitting process, knowledge that are there any pinch points that affect the schedule of the onsite stuff

Speaker 1  29:40
that you're attracting nothing that I'm aware of. I mean, I think what Mike mentioned about possibly doing the utilities earlier as part of that, I think would help us. That could be a potential pinch point. But other than that, I don't see how they would really impact us.

Speaker 7  29:59
It's done a great job getting all the governor and everybody involved with it, so you have good will out there, which probably is helping you out, because otherwise it's tough working with the offsite utilities to get it fall in place.

Speaker 8  30:18
Yeah, we enabled some of the challenges related to accepting of water sewer improvements, if we held those off until the end and begin with the roadway, that could maybe pose some delays. But I think maybe really considering building the utilities. And when I say utilities, there's been wet utilities, water, sewer would be ideal, because that allows us to accept them, and then we could set a meter if we needed to, if there was a need for, again, testing some of the facilities inside the building with deliver domestic water right off the bat, that might be advantageous, just to not hold anything up later.

Speaker 1  31:09
I think that'll help us in pre loading similar stuff as well. Any other questions on logistics? Can we move on to the next one.

Speaker 8  31:26
I might have one comment just related to the dash line that I see around the side. I just want to make sure the team was aware that there is a separate track outside of those dash lines. And that track L That's to the south is not necessary. And I think you guys probably know this, but I just want to make sure that was understood, that there is a separate public drainage exhibit or tract in and of itself, kind of overlapping that pink square at the moment, and again, for purposes of schematic purposes, but I just wanted to make sure you guys were aware that that practice particular tract l will ultimately drain into the West, into a future regional pond that sits in that area, and we have that line work if

Ryan Hankins  32:20
you guys need to. Yeah, yeah. That'd be really helpful. Is, is this? That is this that it's

Speaker 8  32:30
a portion of it, portion gonna be a much bigger pond that'll fill that adjacent track, that's quest

Unknown Speaker  32:38
OS five. Is that what we're talking about?

Unknown Speaker  32:40
Yes, yeah, we

Speaker 8  32:46
essentially accepts drainage from the VA building and then that Molina data center. And what's happening is that as these new developments come online, that pond gets bigger and bigger to accept those developed flows. So right now there's the only thing that's contributing to them, is the pep site, the Molina Center, as well as, actually, I call it that's older, but that building that's further to the west, that's a long university that also drains to, or at some point, will intend to drain this regional retention plan. So it's just one that I wanted to, like I said, I'm sure you guys are tracking that, but if you needed the light work, I'll send you a hurricane some files that show where all this stuff is related

Speaker 6  33:33
here too. Yeah, that'd be very helpful. I think we would want to do some preliminary grading on L and if it didn't get close, then that would be, make a lot of

Speaker 8  33:46
sense. It well in the fact that the syrup user has done a great job getting a lot of buy off from the various stakeholders through the city, the governor and so I think some close coordination with them related to some grading of that area would be helpful, and they would I would anticipate them being able to work closely with us to be able to approve that and not make that a major issue. But in the event that there is some additional grading that's outside of what we've done thus far, the city is likely going to ask for some level

Unknown Speaker  34:23
of a graded plan

Speaker 8  34:26
to show that there's volume that's created in order to capture those developers, or I call them develop flows, but it's essentially just a rock

Unknown Speaker  34:33
you guys only gravel down our

Unknown Speaker  34:35
base course, Yes,

Unknown Speaker  34:38
that makes a lot of sense.

Speaker 7  34:42
Mike, are there any issues with construction water? Construction water?

Speaker 8  34:49
So there's an existing 18 inch water line within Watson, and we can connect to it, unless you can't go in there and tap to that. The Water Authority won't allow anything greater than a 12 inch to be tapped, but there are stubs that were intending for fire hydrants, and then there also is couple fire hydrants, I think nearby, if we needed to build one off of one of those existing stubs, I think there could be an opportunity there for for us to get, like a tapping permit. And I would call it Lucy calling in a tapping permit, because I just said you can't tap to the at but it's, it's using one of those steps. And again, we'll provide you with where those studies exact steps are located. That way, we can kind of optimize the location of where it makes the most sense for maybe a water temperature or construction water location.

Speaker 6  35:46
I'm not sure a pond makes a lot of sense with the size of the lot, but water tower would definitely be probably the way to go. I it.

Speaker 6  36:08
And as we get more information too, we'll update this, you know, as needed, to kind of reflect what the plan will be.

Speaker 8  36:16
The only other bit of information that I wanted to share that I just thought it was just who wants it was the construction road that Netflix utilized for their efforts, and so they actually built it up pretty good. There's a pretty decent level, and you guys have probably seen it when you're out there a decent level of gravel over the top of it that they work to maintain in order to be able to provide construction access during their their development. And so obviously, being able to utilize that for this effort seems to make a lot of sense in your black and yellow dash line. Sure, I think also makes a lot of sense.

Ryan Hankins  37:01
How, how well does that existing road match up with the final configuration? I had a tough time. It looked like it wasn't exact. It looked like it was maybe 1020, feet off or something.

Speaker 8  37:15
So the existing road was only built to support kind of two lane traffic, so it wasn't encumbering the entire right of way. And so it does align with the existing right of way, but it's likely on one side of the right away or the other, okay, which might be the reason for the shift. And you'll be able to see that a little bit closer when I send you the GMP file.

Speaker 7  37:41
Perfect. Jesse, those guys have done a lot of work around the CMH and the offsite stuff too, so they're a good resource.

Ryan Hankins  38:00
Yeah, I think it'd be great to to get that information, and we probably need to have a separate breakout meeting probably next week or something, once we have a time to digest it.

Speaker 8  38:11
And when you guys were in town there, you know, there's a need for you guys to post up somewhere. We have a number of conference rooms or touchdown stations that we'd be happy to host you. So appreciate.

Unknown Speaker  38:23
It. Thank you. That's great. Yeah, we all we'll let you guys fight over

Speaker 1  38:35
So Mike, you said the check set for the off site would be the end of next week or the week after? Were you anticipating again?

Speaker 8  38:43
I feel like we've been working pretty hard on it this week, so you'll get something at the end of this week, okay? And then we're continuing to work on it next week, and we're anticipating So, and this is where we need to revisit it is the fact that right now it includes all of the work, so the water, sewer filtering and main improvements are more and more order package. And so if we need to contemplate repackaging that before we ultimately submit it to the city, I think it would be good to do it before our initial submit all just so you know, what they're reviewing is essentially what they're ultimately approved. So let us and then let's get around, and then in that mindset, you'll see where all the existing water lines are and the stubs that I mentioned off of Watson. And you know, we can kick it around, whether or not it makes complete sense to you know, separate them all together.

Speaker 1  39:45
Okay, perfect. So, yeah, we'll wait for your review set to come in the end of this week, and then I'll let you guys digest it for a few days, and we'll set up a meeting to review and we can discuss how we want to split that up. I

Unknown Speaker  40:11
Anything else on logistics?

Ryan Hankins  40:14
No, I think like we're good with logistics, if everyone else is

Speaker 1  40:18
okay, I know we had meant to go into review of turnover, but without Cory here, maybe we should. We should punt on that until this afternoon so we can fully understand that, if it makes sense, do you guys want to roll right into design alignment, yes, and start going over design schedule.

Ryan Hankins  40:45
And I think I was on the call last week talking through to you guys design schedule, but with the greater team being here now, if you can go through it again, that'd be helpful.

Speaker 3  40:58
So yes, I'm not going to share it, because I feel like that's that's gonna take me 100 years, but we have, I'm gonna open

Speaker 10  41:13
it so that I can speak to it. I also PDX already in the meeting, in my sharing abilities because you just were doing it.

Ryan Hankins  41:23
Yeah, I'm still trying to figure it out, but it's it's good. I deserve it.

Speaker 3  41:40
So, okay, so here's the design schedule that we're working through, and we can kind of skip over the Mesa muscle, DFT approvals and design development, because those are in the past, and then move on down to construction documents. So this is what we're targeting and what we've talked about with Cory, so we're working on developing the 50% construction document set, and that will be submitted on May 8, so a month of today, and then the early foundation and underground utility package will be submitted to the city of Albuquerque on May 11, and we're kind of concurrently with this, I can let you know. So we're assuming that within six weeks, we'll be able to go through a permit review cycle and get any comments responded to and be ready to pull permits within six weeks, then we're going to keep moving on. So that's our first package. Is 1b We're moving on with 1c and D combined. So we're probably going to change that to just be a package 1c and that's the 90% CD package will get submitted to Pacific fusion on the 15th. And then that package is what's going to go to the city of Albuquerque on the 16th of June, sorry, the 15th of June. Then the 16th of June, we're going to submit to the city of Albuquerque. And then we have a time period for for completing the 100% package, where we have some more review periods from Pacific fusion and from you all to make sure that everything is kind of completed. And at the same time, concurrently, we're going to be reviewing responding to the city of Albuquerque comments from the permit review. So we know that there's probably going to be some changes. We're kind of moving quickly to get that 90% set done, so that the changes that come during the review period are going to need to be held by you all and us if there's any design changes that come, if there's any construction changes like that. So we're anticipating, still that six week time period for permit review. So that's really what we're looking at as far as our permit submissions, May 11, June, 16, and then completing our 100% package with all comments responded to by August.

Ryan Hankins  44:12
What does that look like? From like? Because when I looked at the I mean, just based on the fact that we're having DD discussions tomorrow, fact that we're, you know, we still have some moving pieces. We have the vibration study that is getting finalized on the 17th let's make sure that we're speaking the same language. You are not comfortable with us buying anything right now. Like to go procure anything at this moment would be a little premature.

Speaker 3  44:38
So I what I don't have on here. And Frank, I don't know if you guys can I don't want to put Frank on the spot in some of those poor conversation that can happen. I know that you were talking about the steel, at least, getting in line for, I don't know the right words, mill order, getting in line for the mill order. And I think that Marc was talking about being able to put something together. I don't know what the timeline is. I'm not on spot. You don't have to answer, but just so that we can talk about it. So, yeah, I don't, I don't know, am I not? I mean, there's a risk, because things aren't done being designed.

Ryan Hankins  45:14
Yeah, no. But I mean, like, even like, like, if we talk about like, let's go down the list, like, electrical gear, mechanical equipment. I mean, we're talking about some of that in the VE session tomorrow, steel rebar for, you know, civil, you know, starting to get the site worker on board. Like all those trades. We're still thinking, we need a little bit more time in order to get those ironed out. Or you're saying, hey, let's open the flood gates, like we're ready to get people on board, or that's what

Speaker 7  45:44
we're trying to figure out. I think correct me, if I'm wrong, there needs to be some earth moving or something that happens at some point in time soon for public perception, or whatever that is required, right? I don't know how important that is, but I think the important decisions that need to be made long lead items. If we can all own the risk together as a team, then we can move forward, right? Because we all know what we don't know. What we know is on the drawings right now, and it's evolving. So that's the discussion that the owner, CMAR and us we need to make right. What we know is, on the drawings, there are some things that we're tracking that is evolving, and if we feel like you, you, for example, you said that there's a $10 million potential savings in the mechanical systems. Tomorrow, we'll discuss figure out whether that's real or not. Our mechanical team will tell you what their parameters were. And if we say, hey, we want to stick with the ones, let's keep that 10 million. Order it, then we all three decide and move forward. But if that's not the case, and we think that, hey, if the 10 million is worth looking into for a couple of weeks and coming back and telling you, yes, we can make that work, then let's make that decision there. I don't think this can be a one situation solves all kinds of issues.

Unknown Speaker  47:08
Totally agree. Yeah, absolutely.

Speaker 3  47:10
I agree with that too. And I do think that what we're wanting is also to have the conversation like you last week on Friday, you were like, This is the biggest threat to the schedule, having the steel in that we're in line to start getting this steel. That's super helpful, and then we can have conversations with our team to make sure we get the information that you need. So I think it needs to be a back and forth so we can identify what Patricia's saying, those long lead items. I do know that just in terms of, you know, we have this like, sorry, wishful thinking, that we have our major design inputs by the 27th of March, but we know that that's not the reality, because there, that's when we need it, but it's not when we're going to be having it, because there's still things in development. And so even with like mechanic, the mechanical system, I think there's still are some fluctuations in what the loads are that they're designing for. And so what does that mean for you all? If you order something that, oh no, we now need to add another unit. Is that better or worse? Or we need to remove a unit like, I don't know what what that means for you guys, so I think having the conversation will be helpful. And that's where

Ryan Hankins  48:21
I think, like, coming into this flat footed a little bit like understanding where you guys are concerned, yeah, and understanding, like, what you don't feel like you have figured out 100% as part of their process, or maybe their loads, or, like, understanding those inputs that are missing will help us be able to say, okay, like, because I'm hearing a little bit of hesitation, which is fine, it is what it is, but there ends up becoming a schedule impact. And I just want to make sure that if we need to, if, if I need to recommend to Nick to buy, he just needs to understand, like, what, what those risks are, yeah, and, and I need to help globalize that so that we all understand together, what it looks like, but until, like, I have a bunch of drawings to me, it doesn't feel like we're necessarily ready to go buy things yet. But I'm looking for input, and I'm looking for where that risk is from you guys, so I can globalize that.

Speaker 7  49:18
Yeah, this is what I was talking to about, that. Hey, what is immediate? Like, you identified steel, mechanical systems, electrical gear, like, let's sit for the team and see what level of confidence we have right, including Cory and Nick and everybody, and say, this is where we're at. I'll be ready to pull the trigger. Frank and his team. Let's sit with his team and say, like, how much confidence do we have on this? And then make that choice, because they we're still considering some platforms on top. That's that shouldn't that's the tail true language, right? So there are some items that we'll just have to say, like, yeah, we take that risk. Let's move forward. But there are some items that we're not really sure about. This, the migration stuff, yeah, change because of that. Like, that's

Ryan Hankins  50:10
where I get nervous. So let's just work through that. Because, yeah, I don't want to just buy things, just to buy it and then find out that. Like, it's totally wrong, yeah, yeah. Like, I do think we need to. I do

Speaker 3  50:20
think we need to, if you can give us the list, and then with our team with Meyr of like, these are, like, the five things that we want to buy sooner rather than later, because it's going to affect the schedule if we don't get it now and then, we can sit with Meyr quest. We can sit with Norton, Thomas, Ed. We can go through that and see. We can at least tell you what our level of confidence is that things are going to change. And obviously with Cory and Nick, because

Unknown Speaker  50:45
I think steel is probably our still seems like it's the number one that drive everything else in the schedule.

Speaker 1  50:52
So getting that, and I think we're fairly close, right? I mean, I don't know, Frank, what is your

Speaker 3  51:01
I don't want you to have to answer if you need to

Speaker 1  51:05
know, and just try to understand your level of confidence in where we're at with the design, if you and what things you think may impact changes, or if we're, you know, fairly comfortable that it's, it's probably a little bit more conservative at this point, I'm guessing. And there may be a chance to optimize that design, but I think we're trying to hold our schedule, so if we can find that, that middle ground of where we feel comfortable buying, but we're not buying too much, there's definitely certain

Speaker 11  51:33
members in certain areas that we feel more confident about, and we have analysis models we need to make a design for example, the cub right now, we have it designed as being one with one with the rest. There is a need to separate. It becomes an effort for us to split it out and figure out how to bracing inside of the building. Think also the thinking of the curve the mechanical equipment has gone from being on the ground to going up the roof. And I think it's the footprint of that equipment is ever increasingly and so my concern, there would be the original design for

Ryan Hankins  52:38
The code, yeah, and there's, there's nothing wrong with that. And we're going to talk about ve tomorrow. And like, you know, ve also potentially impacts that in some way. And I guess that's where I'm kind of drawing the parallel to, like, you know, for some of these. And let me, let me talk, because you asked the question, hey, what's, what's critical So, and this is not meant for you guys to look at every cell in the sheet globally. Like, we're not, we're not going through the sheet. But basically what we have here is like, designed to date, available for procurement and like so right here. Like, you know, we have 511 plugged in for a lot of these early things, because that's when your guys, 50% CD set is due, and so I just put a placeholder in there for right now. This is what we want. It what it takes to get a deal with the subcontractor and the vendors finalized, get your sign off, and then actually go cut the deal with the sub or bender. This side of the sheet basically talks about here's what we needed the field to go support our schedule. Here is, here's basically all the sausage making between when we need time to set up to and will and, you know, getting through submittal processes, getting getting sign off from the architect engineers, getting everything you know, through the lead time process, and getting it delivered to the site. And then you get to this middle column that basically says, Hey, here's how screwed you are based on or screwed or how, here's how much we don't need to focus on this specific thing. And we went through pretty much every single trade and every single material for the car. So if you look at and without getting into the weeds yet, on all the numbers, if we just take like our schedule that we had in the review did not change. So we just kept all this the exact same. But all we did was update the design date available. It shows you where some of the properties are. So right now we're seeing electrical gear, as we've seen on that broader project in the last five years, that's obviously an issue, especially when you get into 12, four, seven voltage that is competing directly with data centers. And so that's on the critical path for me, getting material order. So the earlier we can finalize that the order earlier we can, we can get that that spec completed the earlier. We can control the scale on the same breath, staying in the equipment side. You know, there's still like, you know, from the chillers, air source, heat pumps, fluid coolers. It's showing green, but it's not green by much like we still have a risk there, so being able to control that risk by getting an early spec. Sorry, the light keeps flashing, but that is risk that we can take off the critical path and not worry about it if we get that spec completed. So coming out tomorrow, my focus is understanding, generally speaking, where we're going with the VE design, and then seeing how quickly we can get spec for, you know, the fluid coolers, for the chillers, for the electrical gear, so we can get that order hopefully, like my hope is, like, by the end of this month, maybe, and that's not saying that. That's me talking, but there's a lot of work that goes into that, right? So need feedback from design on what's actually capable? I know this is probably,

Unknown Speaker  56:16
the answer is probably no, but what's the best way? Simple design team

Speaker 3  56:21
behind way? Yeah, that's what I think we're talking about right now. Meyr's house is not here right now. I think they might tune in to some of the day, so if they call in, that would be good tomorrow might be a good time to highlight this as part of the decision making that goes into the VE because if it's a matter of redesigning a system, then that certainly puts you back. There's no way to get that done, I don't think by the end of this month. Yeah, so that probably goes into the decision making on those ve items. So I think let's bring it up tomorrow, and then this is good. Let's get this in in an email format as well, or, I mean, I'm glad that you're going through it, and then we can get this in front of the whole design team, like next Wednesday. Let's have this be the highlight. I would say,

Speaker 7  57:03
I think, yeah, the point being on April 8, when we when we really push this date, it was to identify these items and have these separate calls for each person. Then we could weigh in like, Hey, are you getting 6 million back for a wee item, which is, how does that affect the schedule? And then make that call and say this is going to be finalized on this date, right? So that when you're getting that 511 set, we understand what the priorities are, and that you can order all these things, or if you need it earlier, what that date is. So I think we can work as a team moving forward, but this is what this meeting, we wanted this meeting to be, is to identify what is that critical path items? What do you need to hit? And let's be realistic about it, because we're also designing some stuff. But if we can be realistic and take that risk and move

Ryan Hankins  57:50
forward, let's do it. Yep, I totally agree. And that's where like the Meyr Plus thing, I don't exactly understand how they like. My first meeting with them was last week, and I didn't necessarily understand exactly how they fit in. If you guys are partners, or if you if they're sub to you, there

Speaker 3  58:06
are sub consulting. Yeah, they're a critical part of the agency. Yeah. So you will be here tomorrow. They're doing MEP and fire protection. And Susie will be here tomorrow, and I think Astrid, a couple other people will be calling in. But yes, they're like, they're one of the major players of the design team.

Unknown Speaker  58:26
Yes. Okay, perfect. I think Dominic had his hand up.

Speaker 12  58:37
Do I have the floor? You do? Yeah, yeah. Quick question on the steel, when was Clayco Planning to or in your schedule? When were you planning to make that purchase in order to stay on schedule? Was that right at the 50% CD mark that you wanted to order that steel plan?

Ryan Hankins  59:00
So the original plan was, and we didn't have input as far as, like, how far the design was going to be when we got on board, but we were planning to buy it right now.

Speaker 12  59:12
So you were planning to buy when, right now. Oh, so, yeah, I did want to flag, and I don't know if the Clayco team was aware, but we recently had a change construction type. We submit it under 2b and now we are a type 1b construction. So all the steel is going to have to receive fireproofing. It's going to be a mix of spray applied, but also into messenger with the intimate My understanding is that a lot of that needs to be shot fabricated, unless it can be field applied. So short answer is, I don't think we're in a place where we can go ahead and buy steel, because we're currently evaluating what that fire protection is, and 50% CDS is going to be we're trying to hit it for that, but I don't think we're in a place where that can be purchased.

Ryan Hankins  1:00:08
No, I, I'm in agreement with you. Look, we're we're all in agreement in that. And there's obviously things still changing, but what I was mainly saying is that there's schedule effects to all this and decide what you know, if your guys new schedule is that you is that 511 works, or if it doesn't work, just help us understand that, and we can help continue to update the schedule appropriately. The biggest thing, and I think we talked about it last week on the steel, and I don't want to get like I said, I don't want to get too bogged down with the detail in this right now, but until we have a full steel design, and I think we talked about maybe doing like parceled out pieces, that still doesn't get us certainty on the schedule, until we really have a full steel design, and it doesn't have to be complete, it just has To be sticks. Once we know the sticks, then we can go out to the market and we can get

Speaker 3  1:01:09
the steel material. Can you go through some of the bigger items? I know you don't want to go through in detail, but the big headings,

Speaker 11  1:01:21
I just asked you, when you said the parcel belt steel, you meant like, you know you will complete the office design first and be able to get you guys to order the office steel and then the RNG space steel that you said that that doesn't really help with the schedule.

Ryan Hankins  1:01:38
It doesn't help because the way that the construct, unless we're going to say, hey, like, we're going to, for example, we're going to hold off on the office and, like, the office completion is not important, including the lab, and we can just focus on the RFP building, then that's where it would help. But if we're saying, hey, like, we need the building built at one time, we need those labs in service afterwards 18 months, it's still in the critical path. You know, a lot of that design.

Speaker 11  1:02:08
So your preference is to have one mill otter set for the entire

Ryan Hankins  1:02:16
correct and if all, I'll say it with the with the caveat that, like, we're willing to work with you guys. Like, there's no, we're not saying, like, like, if you're telling me, hey, like, well, I just can't do it, and it's going to be three months before I have it done. Fine, we'll work with you. But we just need to understand your constraints so that we can, we can work with that right now. I think the R D building is, like, the most important thing. So we need to get that built, and we need to get and that's the biggest numbers. So if we had all that in place, that's great. The only problem is that that does open a cost risk with the subcontractors. So we're basically signing somebody up for a half baked deal, but that's something we'll have to work with. But it's always achievable,

Speaker 6  1:03:03
and mill order doesn't necessarily mean detail, right? Yeah.

Speaker 7  1:03:07
So did you guys look at options too, other than narc on you Brooks, the subject a little bit about an fat or other people potentially being an option?

Ryan Hankins  1:03:21
Yeah? Images, yeah, they all buy steel from new core, and then they're just fabricated.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:31
So new core is like that.

Ryan Hankins  1:03:33
New core is the bottleneck nationally right now for all of our data center projects, everyone buys the steel from new core steel, steel specialties. They're in the Midwest. Nucor is the big name, but a lot of the shapes that were being shown the drawings were all new core custom shapes. They're not something

Unknown Speaker  1:03:58
that other people provide, just huge, they're just big numbers, yeah,

Speaker 11  1:04:03
just, I guess one question on that end is some of those really large custom shapes

Ryan Hankins  1:04:19
there, there are things we've done in the past where, like, we've custom designed truxes out of ballot angle. But this doesn't feel like that's the right solution. So I think let's figure out, and this is where, like, the vibration study comes. In fact. I mean, can you finish your steel design until you have the vibration criteria? Let me

Unknown Speaker  1:04:43
the member that I was thinking of

Ryan Hankins  1:04:51
was we, we definitely looked at creative solutions like that. I think we'd like just not having control of the design. We'd like to understand what you're what you guys think creative solution looks like for the larger This is not a standard bill, so it's not, it's not like I can just say, Let's go custom design. We don't have the

Speaker 7  1:05:16
so let's, let's identify these items like you are, and we'll have separate makeup sessions.

Ryan Hankins  1:05:24
So the items really are the electrical gear, the mechanical equipment, the waterproofing for the tunnel. We need to really finalize that design. It doesn't have to necessarily be all detailed, but we need to know the product, and we need to know the application. Is it Blindside? Is it positive side? We need to figure all that out in the strategy steel we've talked about Earth work, the drawings look like they're in pretty good shape, but I don't

Speaker 3  1:05:58
know if they're finally for the are you saying for like, civil Yeah, it's kind of true, and I think that there might be some Josh you can correct me if I'm wrong, but there might be some modifications based on what needs to happen for the utilities and all of that. But I think that it's been approved, but

Speaker 13  1:06:20
it's pretty sorry on site. I think we're pretty big. I don't see much changing onsite, however, where the ponds are going, there could be some updates there that help out with some of the airport quantities, that hopefully grab a little bit more dirt from those onsite pond and use it for our site.

Ryan Hankins  1:06:38
Yeah, that's good. So we can almost go out to market

Speaker 3  1:06:44
right now for that piece. Yeah, it's already been approved by the city, perfect.

Ryan Hankins  1:06:49
And the fact that we have 60% coming from the offsites,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:53
yeah, and have them price that is getting

Ryan Hankins  1:07:02
60% getting 60% I think on Friday, we can get that slid into the earth workers deal as well, to get competitive pricing and drive some extra value. Oh, gotcha. And not for a list

Unknown Speaker  1:07:13
three, not for a list three, but for the off site outside

Unknown Speaker  1:07:18
of track Jr, I know Steve is Steve Chad, as he's of the DA agreement. So Steve is responsible for financing.

Speaker 1  1:07:34
He's going to build all of them, even though the road improvements as well, anything that's a part

Speaker 14  1:07:41
of the 60% code.

Speaker 5  1:07:42
That's a part of the 60%

Speaker 1  1:07:49
so that. So we're not, we're not going to be in control of the roadway improvements, and that will be all speed we can have a

Speaker 14  1:07:54
conversation with Steve about potentially Clayco, but this is kind of all your place.

Speaker 1  1:08:03
Energy, Clayco, but this is kind of all under his and the ponds that that is okay. So then I have the ponds are us and the roadway are our mesa.

Speaker 14  1:08:14
That's right. So in our recent, recently approved site drainage package, those are

Ryan Hankins  1:08:36
including drainage package, so everything outside of that parcel, the ones

Speaker 13  1:08:41
that are underneath those power lines leverage work, because I think we're planning to grab a lot of BLS three track to use onsite.

Speaker 1  1:08:54
Yeah, we probably need to line up on that with Mesa Del Sol. Understand schedule, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:00
I think what we should do is reach out and have them call. I don't know what their plans are, or if they plan on using the different GC,

Ryan Hankins  1:09:15
but if you guys are interested, if we could do which it would be easier for us to control our own destiny as far as coordination goes, just because we're going to be right

Speaker 1  1:09:23
on the edge of it and crossing over that road if they're going to try to rebuild, but that might be the easiest way.

Speaker 7  1:09:34
So from a slight standpoint, we're ready for you guys to move okay, that way, if you see any issue with a pitch point on schedule, you can probably jump on the site.

Ryan Hankins  1:09:46
Makes sense. Are there other items? There are so once again, we talked mechanical electrical equipment, talked waterproofing, we've talked elevators, not that we have to have everything finalized, but we need to get shop drawings from them for all the pits we're going to pour. And so getting a spec, even if it's going to change, not holistically, but if it's, if it's not fine tuned, that's okay. We just need to make sure.

Speaker 3  1:10:20
And for elevators, here you're talking about the large equipment lifts from the from the sub, from the equipment pit, not a person elevator.

Ryan Hankins  1:10:28
Well, I mean, just in general, all the elevators and all this, you just need to make sure the pits are correct.

Ryan Hankins  1:10:42
Yes. And then we're good. I'll move that date up concrete. I know we're waiting on. I think from what I've heard, we're not ready to buy concrete until 50% CD. Yeah, so 50% CD is okay, though, yeah, okay, foundation design. And with foundation design, do we get all the concrete minus tilt panels as well, or do we just get the just the underground, it's

Speaker 11  1:11:19
just the building foundations and not the exterior.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:22
Foundations and not the exterior

Speaker 3  1:11:37
slab. Okay, perfect, yeah, I think all the footing, all of the all the wall footing,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:43
will be there. Just Yeah,

Ryan Hankins  1:11:49
they'll be rebar design, the mix design will be

Speaker 11  1:11:58
finalized, sense of the size area was for burning pressure, for The interventional, separate,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:21
the other one piece of the foundation isolated, and you have to separate the recommendations to separate the club, and

Ryan Hankins  1:12:40
that's altered by the vibrational fork that we did early December. Can we make the decision to just move forward essentially until we only invest during the close so we didn't make that

Speaker 5  1:13:02
decision? Have during the mills, so we didn't

Unknown Speaker  1:13:18
make that decision. Yeah, I wasn't 100% sure that it was. Percent sure that it was final

Unknown Speaker  1:13:31
final. So that's, that's good, that it's been fine. I know

Ryan Hankins  1:13:38
is being discussed. I think that's that's so that being said now that that's getting that's approved, like a month before. That upsets you. Is that enough time to get that or is that?

Ryan Hankins  1:14:01
Well, I'm just asking, how about fire? Maybe difficult to see is

Speaker 15  1:14:05
there's a need to coordinate what that means with the rest of the

Speaker 11  1:14:18
design team. Coordinate what that means with the rest of the design team. Just noticed that, for example, if we have to keep the foundation separate those columns along the interface between the club and East space between them, then push the this is, this is just me. Implications are, so there's some policing, so there's some potential interior implications to PDX equipment. Out what that means.

Speaker 7  1:15:02
And let's come from the date next week. Yeah, we'll let him speak in house. Yeah, let him talk. Let him talk in house. And we'll try to settle that legend off, if we can hit that any other

Ryan Hankins  1:15:13
number too. Like, this is for procurement, so if things still change a little bit, we're okay. Like, it's just something we'll have to track process, but at least we'll be able to kick off. It sounds like that would be, while it's kind of a major item, it's probably not that big in the brains, cost wise, as long as we track it,

Speaker 7  1:15:39
that's the kind of info we need. You know, if it's not a big deal, cost ways and we can just call, call it and move forward, that would really help us move right, yeah, because otherwise, we're spinning our wheels trying to see how much it's worth and effort is required. So that's, that's the exact amount of information you need to help us make decisions.

Ryan Hankins  1:16:00
Let's, let's put that on our list

Unknown Speaker  1:16:06
of getting something back.

Speaker 7  1:16:11
He talked to it on that meeting, but when Mark is back on like early next week, let's just set up a in depth session with Frank and Mark. I know. Yeah,

Ryan Hankins  1:16:29
I know Marcus. We'll figure it out. So that's pretty critical. We can we got metrics. We can use if we need to make a quick cost evaluation.

Ryan Hankins  1:16:57
Then the other the other critical things, geo peers, which I think I talked to Bill hue about geo peers design. So what I want to make sure is that like we understand what the design criteria is. I don't think we really understand it right now, because the settlement criteria, I don't I think I've heard a lot, but I don't know who's actually been finalized yet. The design of the three acres differential settlement, yeah, like where that applies and where it doesn't apply and where the other settlement, like criteria are some different pieces of equipment.

Speaker 3  1:17:42
I think Frank, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Frank, but I'm glad you're here. But for the differential settlement, I think you all created some sketches that showed what you know, from green to blue to orange, like, what points needed to be within the differential settlement, three, eight inch, and reviewed that with Pacific fusion and got agreement on that, is that correct? So I think that that that exercise has at least happened from the structural side. And so there is a there is a drawing that shows like within this little weird shaped area, 3/8. Inch needs to happen across this. I mean, I don't want to speak to it, because Frank says better than I know, but I do think that conversation

Ryan Hankins  1:18:30
has happened. So, okay, that's great. Yeah, that would be helpful.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:34
Yeah, there It's Memorial.

Speaker 1  1:18:39
See that I can share this with you. Okay, perfect. The limit of the three eighths inches. Hopefully the machine IMD is a machine.

Ryan Hankins  1:18:49
Do we know what the limits the settlement is outside of that?

Speaker 3  1:18:56
I don't know the limits outside of that area for differential settlement. Have we received any input about the outside of the three eighths inch shape differential settlement outside of that do we know what the differential settlement criteria is, or do

Speaker 3  1:19:21
we need this conclusion? Do space. There's this shape where we have created this requirement for different but this additional space.

Speaker 3  1:19:38
Yeah, about that you don't care about sugar, so just whatever is within the limits of like

Speaker 3  1:19:56
a standard code, Standard Code for everything else, code for the areas outside of that. Does that include in the lab spaces, even in the lab spaces, okay?

Ryan Hankins  1:20:04
And think we have some isolated foundations in the, I think lab space in based

Speaker 10  1:20:11
on that, Okay, good deal.

Ryan Hankins  1:20:17
Yes. I mean, if we can, if we can finalize this, I know we have the vibration report coming out then, yeah, I think it's going to be pretty simple to get those geo peers going, at least from a like getting them under contract and whatnot, and getting them and I think they're already designing. Isn't Craig already designed?

Speaker 7  1:20:35
And this is a lot of side question we have for you, because I think right now, geomet is on the contract. Is you guys, Western BJ period guys on the contract with you, so you can hold them for design and construction. They are

Speaker 16  1:20:55
already helping us. Yeah, good design and everything else.

Ryan Hankins  1:21:00
Good. Like, good? Yeah, yes. And I think, I think we're fine with that, as long as we identify all those design criteria, then yeah, we're we should be fine, yeah.

Speaker 7  1:21:16
And this, what will help us is, then we can have your peers in the room. Have you guys in the room. We can have geomatic and TT and make those calls quickly so that you can weigh in from a cost perspective. We don't want to be going off and doing stuff that's going to be super expensive or scheduled or impacted

Conor Tighe  1:21:37
schedule, right? Did you talk about the criteria related

Ryan Hankins  1:21:41
to Geo pairs. You want to we talked about, this is actually their settlement diagram of where the 3/8 inch is needed, okay? And then we talked about everything outside of that is basically code minimum, okay? And then we talked about some specifics in the lab, but sounds like Jamie's trying to get it reduced so we don't need to do anything special in the lab, okay?

Conor Tighe  1:22:00
I mean, doing design build on Geo pairs is always Yeah, but they still need the criteria how the actual app is gonna work.

Ryan Hankins  1:22:09
Yes, they've ready. Like, in the calls I've had with Craig, and I talked to him pretty frequently, he's just like, yeah, like, there's so much going on and like, he feels like he's, yeah, he's feeling pretty good. Oh, he's feeling good. Yeah, he's really good. But we just need it. We just need it. Like, in a formalized, yeah, you know, like report, or like a document, or like,

Speaker 7  1:22:38
at the end of the day, I think he should sign off on the requirements they should sign off.

Speaker 3  1:22:44
This is what Pacific fusion means, and this is what geo Western ground improvement is designing the geo Pierce too.

Ryan Hankins  1:22:52
Then, then we're solid. Hand off.

Speaker 1  1:22:54
Yes, ready to have that meeting now, I think we have all that information.

Speaker 7  1:23:01
I think we're right about there. We're just working it on the schedule here. Okay, so as long as, as soon as we get a time slot for the schedule we'll

Conor Tighe  1:23:08
set up, let's just make sure that we nail down the commercial terms with the sub, with the geo peer sub. Like, I'm always a firm believer, like, let's, let's make sure that we run sort of that part of the procurement process, just so that we don't say, Hey, we're giving you this job, and then all of a sudden it's like, we're not able to get alignment.

Ryan Hankins  1:23:31
We've actually worked with this guy,

Conor Tighe  1:23:34
like, still just do just process, because all of a sudden you get in trouble to where, if we don't actually go through the formalized process of getting to terms with him, make sure that he has labor capacity as production capacity, you know, make a recommendation to Pacific fusion. You guys sign off on the recommendation. Like, let's just do what we need to do to make sure that it's all formalized. He can have some, like, one off meetings with him, but just like, let's make sure,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:05
yeah, totally agree, because,

Conor Tighe  1:24:06
because the worst thing that can happen is there's not a there's a misalignment, and then we're unable to go backwards because he thinks that he's been boarded a job.

Speaker 7  1:24:18
That's actually a good point. Yeah, this is why we want them under you guys, so you can do the due diligence on the construction site. We will hand off design as you require. So let's get on a call together with Tom Tom steady, and you get it after you as a member of due diligence, we'll send out a plan as soon as we figure this out. So you figure

Speaker 11  1:24:43
this out. So design side, though, I think we've sent a heat map of the settlement and bearing pressures based on the initial soil modular value that Greg gave us, and kind of we were expecting some sort of iterative process to try to confirm that the initial spring values were accurate. We're still in that first round. There's some

Ryan Hankins  1:25:16
back and forth, a little bit of if we can get, like, looped into that somehow, so we can understand exactly what's been done and, like, what the actual full process looks like. That'd be helpful. That's good that you guys are, you guys are already in the middle of

Speaker 7  1:25:33
it, yeah. And you guys had some strategies, other strategies too, on the subsurface.

Ryan Hankins  1:25:41
Yeah, I think we talked last week, we mentioned the three items. One was not using geo Pierce at the bottom and using just fill, or structural fill, per the geo tech report, we decided that was a bad idea. The other thing we decided was, you know, doing a flowable fill. And we also decided that we should just go with geo peers, I think is what Mark was saying. So let's plan to just use geo peers throughout. Yeah, there are no bad ideas. We will still do a matt slab, a rat slab, Mat, slap, whatever terms you use before we start building that. That foundation slab down there, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:24
So on our action items, we'll set up that meeting from our end with you and you're here, good.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:32
As soon as we find a spot, we'll send out a meeting. Okay,

Ryan Hankins  1:26:40
so I mean, when we go through, like, your design schedule that you guys talked through and made, all the things I talked through are really the critical items. Those are the things that we need to buy, like immediately, to go, to go, secure the schedule, then you get into the second, the second wave of trades was, it's like electrical like buying the actual electrical scope. We'd like to buy it as soon as possible. But given the fact that you're you're going to be at 90% I believe by the middle of June, like there's no reason why we shouldn't look at that and wait until we get to 90% to drive the best value, both electrical, plumbing, HVAC and then roofing, insulated little panels, fire sprinkler, security, glass controls, drying wall, door, Chad, or all that stuff can wait till that middle of the June timeline, and then when we get to, like Your 100% drawings, then we'll go finish buying up, fencing, ceilings, mill work, all the other stuff that comes along with it. So hopefully that helps you guys understand the priority. Yeah, because we can't buy everything out at once, the same way you guys can't go design it.

Conor Tighe  1:27:57
So I would say that I made a quick update and already put that in here. Did you? Yeah, I think it's probably on the Transformers as well as the switchboards. Yeah, we're also seeing some issues within MB Gable as well. MB medium voltage. It's, it's all over the place. Sometimes it's coming in earlier, and then sometimes we're finding really, really long leads on it, sort of a head scratcher. But I think the point is, is we have to heavily focus on the chillers and on the electrical gear. So visits, it's

Speaker 7  1:28:47
Yeah, so at this point, items I'm tracking just for us to get on the same page. Site, Earth work. We're from the site standpoint. We're ready at this point. Then you go there, steel. You need it now we're not there. We're going to have a separate breakout call, and we're going to try to get you a date as soon as we get TT on electrical gear. This is the major gear, transformer, switch gear, medium voltage cabling. 511, is what I'm tracking here. Or you need it earlier than that,

Ryan Hankins  1:29:21
anything above, like a standard branch panel are considered to be like 250, 400 camp, anything really bigger than that, we start to see lead times on So, and I am aware that it's asking for a lot, but if We can prioritize the larger distribution boards, the larger panel boards, the larger electrical gear. With that, that'll help us buy best value for Pacific future as well by bundling together.

Speaker 7  1:29:52
But can I still track phi 11? And again, this is based on our conversations tomorrow with meyr's, plus we'll bring it up at Meyr s plus make sure that they're okay with it.

Ryan Hankins  1:30:03
I'm also trying what I think for the 511 date is, like, the reason why I'm saying it's it's okay because we have this unknown, like, what's going to happen with bee tomorrow? Yes, and we have to get through that meeting understand what's going to change, yes, and then you guys will potentially have to update some design. And so until we get through that, until we understand the path forward, you guys can't

Speaker 7  1:30:24
really understand what that's yeah, I'm just tracking this to let them know tomorrow. Like, hey, can we do this? And then chill? ARS, major hitch wag. Items, 511, two,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:38
right? And we

Ryan Hankins  1:30:40
elevated fits and sorry, one more thing, just so I don't like miss it, but so I'm saying you can take till 511 on that. But what I'm showing here is, and this is really small bond, but it's, it's roughly two months late, okay, first, yeah, so it's two months late with that 511 may. But I think all sitting here realistically, I think that's a realistic thing to track, is that middle of May timeline have stuck in the middle of March certainly

Conor Tighe  1:31:15
was not one of one of the things that we can do is, I know we presented CDC, we've had the same problem on a number of jobs. It's to say, Okay, here's sort of our generalized idea in design and spec. We have CDC go to the market, to the manufacturers. They may come back as saying this. The market thinks that maybe we, you don't need this, and we can forget this, right? So let's evaluate the overall design based off of what we can actually supply. So that's why it's like, let's get the design sort of done to where we think this is the design, the electrical design for the Transformers be, then the market may dictate, like, what about looking at it through this lens?

Speaker 7  1:32:08
Yeah, from our standpoint, from design standpoint, we're going to try to be meetings, right? That's, that's the goal. And tomorrow, if the team comes and says, Well, due to we can't do this, then we'll have to make a choice, right? That's it's just the process that we go through. I've got elevator pits, and I've got concrete everything, slab and underneath that, 511 as well. From a procurement standpoint,

Ryan Hankins  1:32:33
well, on the concrete side, I know you guys aren't planning on having all the tilt them, but if we can have like concepts that will help us with getting a holistic budget, versus just

Speaker 3  1:32:48
a half in terms of, like the spec, and even if,

Ryan Hankins  1:32:53
even if, like your rebar is like pounds per foot, or something like, something that we can, you know, get a realistic cost on so that we can deliver a holistic package of what we think.

Speaker 7  1:33:05
And this is not a whole list back and we continue to track it. I think what we're trying to do is just see what we can do from a design standpoint to push this. Yeah, right, totally. And it'll depend on design decisions.

Ryan Hankins  1:33:19
We're in this weird stage where it's like, you know, we're costing things before the designs complete, but we all seem to buy things and then, like, we're also going through de and so, like, there's like, we're like, you know, we have like, seven arms, and we're all

Speaker 7  1:33:35
trying to figure out, yeah, exactly. And this is why I want to get into the procurement too, from your side. When you start procuring things, are you going to procure it as an IGMP? Are you going to sign a GMP?

Conor Tighe  1:33:46
Where does it so when we procure before GMP, we usually do it off of an authorization letter. Okay, so like and that, you know, Will, I know you used an A 141 I think that's the baseline. What people have been past 133 sorry, not 141 so it allows us to do that, because fast track construction sort of, you're not always able to get to the full GMP before you have to authorize certain long leads. And so we use that work authorization process. It's, it's, it's almost like, that's why, when we talk geo peers, it's, we go through the process of, like, analyzing what the subcontractors qualifications are, what the commercial deal is, and then we ask for the owners authorization through the work authorization process. They say yes, and then we go procure it. It gets then eventually folded in into the GMP. The same thing will happen with

Speaker 7  1:34:51
these products. That's perfect. Yeah, if that works for Nick. Nick, I think from our standpoint, what we wanted to know is like, if we're looking at the apps at some point in time, we just want to know that it's in a bucket, in a GMP, yeah.

Conor Tighe  1:35:03
So, so we're going to

Unknown Speaker  1:35:05
take care of that we really don't, yeah.

Conor Tighe  1:35:07
So once it gets authorized, they'll be developed as an SOV within the payment application, so the contract sum is still only shown as everything that's been authorized, right? And then once we get to GMP, you'll have the full sort of schedule of values. But

Speaker 7  1:35:29
I guess, will you be going out when you mobilize first mobilization, whether it's ground, moving earth or it's Foundation, will you sign a GMP on that one for mobilization, or will that still be an

Ryan Hankins  1:35:46
Well, the way we've looked at it is like a progressive type GMP approach. So, and I've already sent you what the first attempt, the first GMP would look like, but yeah, we would have a second GMP, ideally, for all the things that are listed here in that first I put them on the side GMP two, all those long lead. Sorry. But basically this is what we consider to be kind of like a GMP two materials, plus all these critical trades. GMP three would basically be your 90% set, which is electrical HVAC, and then all these other trades that need to go buy out, and then the fourth GMP. And I'll send this to you, but try not to get bogged down in detail for now.

Conor Tighe  1:36:37
So those early authorizations would be folded into the first GMP.

Speaker 16  1:36:41
All right, yeah, but are these still igmps or the GMP?

Conor Tighe  1:36:45
There would be a rolling GMP

Speaker 7  1:36:49
at some point. We'll talk about Yes. Nick, we don't have to get Bob down here. I'm just gonna find the dates now, perfect.

Speaker 1  1:36:55
I think we're actually in a pretty good spot to take a quick break, and then we can probably take until 1030 and then come back and we can talk about sequencing and actual turnover strategy for corn shell. Make sure we can define that.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:11
We need you for that too.

Speaker 1  1:37:14
That's hard. Jeremy, yeah, let's take, I guess that's about 10 minutes, and we'll reconvene at 1030

Speaker 11  1:37:21
Sorry, can I ask a quick question just to clarify, because when you mentioned the tilt panels, and you mentioned getting like

Ryan Hankins  1:37:39
A concept design, and it's been a long time since I've done tilt up under a CMAR agreement. But I believe that's something that's typically designed by the engineer. Is that correct? It's not usually delegated design.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:55
Are we considering delegate design right now?

Unknown Speaker  1:37:57
I don't think that's delegated the

Conor Tighe  1:38:00
constructability of it, of how you actually do the board, the port pads and everything else, is definitely by the contractor, right? Yeah. But the actual like this is the structural kept capacities and requirements for the panel is still part of the structural design. Like just, just like you would on a precast panel, you still have to give us, ultimately, what the precast panels overall,

Ryan Hankins  1:38:32
on the tilt, yeah, it's, maybe it'll be worth a call. It's our Yeah, Jim, yeah, Jim Riggs, we can

Conor Tighe  1:38:42
so our What did you assume on because you did you assume originally precast.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:48
Now we were assuming where we anticipated support. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  1:39:05
Like, find ways and make sure that there's no school cap.

Conor Tighe  1:39:11
Yeah, there's nothing more. Yeah, okay. Yeah, great. Exactly,

Ryan Hankins  1:39:26
was there anything that you had on all that that you had questions on? No, I think

Speaker 1  1:39:31
we're able to walk through everything. So that's pretty much what I was envisioning. So yeah, I appreciate you putting that together. I think kind of really spells it

Ryan Hankins  1:39:39
out for us, and once we now that we understand this, because we understand now your design inputs, now we understand how that affects procurement. Now we can go update our schedule and show you mean there still is a little bit of vagueness with the steel. I think we still need to work out. Because once we understand what your schedule looks like, we can give you more feedback, but from a high level standpoint, we can, we can give you an idea of what that schedule looks like. The duration won't change, at least initially, but that break ground date, I think, is a important thing we need to talk about.

Speaker 1  1:40:11
Yeah, we'll have to bottom out on that, because, like I said, there might be two break ground media, one real. And we can, we can align on that.

Ryan Hankins  1:40:21
I think you know all about fake break grounds.

Conor Tighe  1:40:26
You know where you break ground and nothing happens for like, a couple of months. Yeah, I'd love to avoid that.

Speaker 1  1:40:35
I also really want to meet my mile I'm

Conor Tighe  1:40:39
grounding agnostic again, I get that's sometimes ground is broken because there's a commitment to politician somewhere. Yeah, sometimes it's a C suite issue all the way to the government. I mean, what I found is like, you don't want to break ground because of the politics and then have a site sit, because eventually the newspaper starts talking about the fact that there's really nothing happening. So you have to have alignment between the governor's office, you know, local officials, and when we actually fundamentally things like the trailer

Speaker 7  1:41:37
around cool, because there's quite a few firms who said that they can start, and Fiesel that Okay, so these guys have done an excellent job actually keeping Yeah, you're in a good position where you can choose to

Conor Tighe  1:41:58
make The right choice. Yeah. I mean, we did it, mean Rivian, because Governor Kemp was at that one. And they did it a little earlier than they should have so but they also had a, you know, they had a site that they originally started on, like, two years earlier, and it made a decision to move from Georgia to Illinois and came back, I think they probably, maybe we did the ground breaking probably, and it was knowingly, probably, like a month or things have more substantial, like the Quantum campus in Chicago, like we broke ground and literally started that one was governor Pritzker, and if we hadn't done it that way, the community groups in Chicago would have, like, just eviscerated us. So I think it's zooming out and just thinking, Yeah, you know what, what is ultimately, and the political backlash, you know what is it actually look like?

Speaker 17  1:43:09
Very conscious of it. Schedule wise, I think we're going to have our ground breaking and press conference. Okay? So there'll be work going on this one.

Conor Tighe  1:43:21
Yeah, that the project has fully, fully gone for some of that excellent job with with some of the other startups. It's, I mean, it's, it's a part of your series raise is the fact that you actually have

Ryan Hankins  1:43:49
progress? Does Sarah help with some of the breakers?

Conor Tighe  1:43:59
So it's it's either Sarah or Elizabeth Johnson.

Conor Tighe  1:44:07
I mean, the ones in Chicago are Michael posse, depends. I would, I would go through Sarah.

Speaker 1  1:44:20
Me ask,

Conor Tighe  1:44:38
Where's the warm coffee?

Unknown Speaker  1:44:42
Okay, where that's corner already raining. It restrooms in the sport, in terms of

Unknown Speaker  1:44:55
the actual contracting, it the actual contract ca part of the sub sites, but if we're

Speaker 7  1:45:12
doing site observations and funding stuff like that sufficiently so you let Me know how much you want to see. That would me know for everything. I think I realized speak to bill, it always seems a little Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:41
yeah, typically, I'm okay using that.

Speaker 7  1:45:44
We've done it both ways. Typically on bigger projects, like to be there on site at least once a month. Do a second observation before, make sure that it's grabbing and copy tracking, and then, based on what's in the observation before, sign off on construction completion, okay? And I'd be good with that. Okay? And then I said, that's the only time you need to know which bucket of money, because there's a schedule value. If you don't want us to do that, then we don't need to see all that. Okay, so you just think about

Unknown Speaker  1:46:20
this, pros and consort, are you guys going to have or want onsite on a regular basis

Unknown Speaker  1:46:29
during that time frame? We don't need to date on the space. Probably

Unknown Speaker  1:46:53
this always been

Unknown Speaker  1:47:01
cool, but Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:14
I feel like so much better than I thought it was gonna

Speaker 3  1:47:17
be this chocolate in there too. So you don't know this, but I never sleep on a pastry, and I feel like, especially in the Bay Area, you're not gonna want to. But these look like they're very tasty.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:31
Have you ever been to the wood K bake house?

Speaker 3  1:47:35
Oh yeah, so tasty. I like pastry is, like, my favorite thing. You make them, or you just, I like to bake bread, but I don't. I've not made pastries. I like to make, but I do like to travel to

Speaker 15  1:48:00
find oh my gosh, I want to go. Well, I can't do that right

Speaker 1  1:48:11
now. Yeah, I really, my wife makes salad, then my kids are like, they're just ruined for regular bread. I want this, I'll have a sandwich, but only if it's on fresh sourdough, sourdough

Unknown Speaker  1:48:29
that really does feel like I also really like my expectation

Unknown Speaker  1:48:40
that almond one was my other option. What is there

Speaker 9  1:48:43
anything inside of it? Almond, like, Okay, that was my other delicious.

Speaker 3  1:48:50
Yeah, there's chocolate in here. This is like a punch a lot, but with what's on top, I don't know, so beautiful pastries. Yeah, I don't know which one to get. I don't

Unknown Speaker  1:49:01
think there's a wrong choice. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:49:05
Nick, where are you based out of Okay, great. I'm a local. I don't have to move fantastic.

Speaker 1  1:49:21
Yeah, I was out at the Meta Data Center in Los Lunas out there four years before this. Okay, right? It's

Speaker 1  1:49:36
hard to believe that only four years time goes so fast, yeah, speed out there was just kind of unreal, yeah, especially when you're I came from government before that,

Unknown Speaker  1:49:50
about two ends of the spectrum, right? Yeah, absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:54
Yeah. Very different pace, very different style.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:01
Chris, are you also in Phoenix? I am. So all of you at summer honor are in Phoenix.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:14
So did you guys design these pins for fidgeters?

Unknown Speaker  1:50:17
I didn't know I did that. Yeah. Oh, it does have a little fidget

Speaker 6  1:50:24
spinner at the top. Normally, I fidget with this little I break them off. It doesn't take long anymore, so maybe that's the reason for that. So these are you don't break. I'm glad I'm not

Speaker 1  1:50:39
the only one who doesn't I have a desk full of fidget I like fidgeter. I bought these little they're like puzzles that I buy. You take them apart. They're a pain, but they're like little metal objects. They're puzzles. Oh, yeah, well, it's always just, I've always had them because they're always around,

Speaker 6  1:51:22
you know, I had a gentleman come in on one of the job sites. I think he was a drone pilot, so he offered that service, right? He came in and he gave me his business card, and it was a poker chip. It's like the only business card I still have. Like,

Speaker 1  1:51:45
absolutely, well, I keep them like from different projects I've been on different poker chips from anyone. It's probably because I was supposed to have given them out. They're like, filled with roofing, and see somebody in the field doing something safe for above and

Unknown Speaker  1:52:10
beyond. Oh, this is good job.

Speaker 1  1:52:12
You give them. Yeah, good job. And then they could go cash it out in the swag closet, depending on the ones they were, like, 25 $50 value. All the time. Yeah, that's a lot of fun. Makes it exciting.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:26
We're not always just trying to catch people

Unknown Speaker  1:52:39
doing the show you we're moving

Unknown Speaker  1:52:44
celebrating. It's always

Speaker 6  1:52:48
good when you come up and there's nobody else around and you find guys doing shit the right way. I mean, it could be as simple as, you know, somebody seeing this Cory laying across the ground, and they move it so that people don't strip on it. I did a project that

Speaker 3  1:53:09
looks almost like two years ago, and as they I still get called by their operating system. There's like eight months they won't stop.

Speaker 14  1:53:32
US over lunch. There's a couple of us that didn't, so we're gonna get

Unknown Speaker  1:53:38
a special link going to, I believe I did.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:40
I mean, I went on there and did

Conor Tighe  1:53:43
it perfect. Okay, then you guys figured out the pathway for your actual garbage.

Speaker 1  1:53:54
I didn't hear anything so long transport. Problems, they always order some extras we'd like to learn.

Conor Tighe  1:54:13
Like as we're like making recommendations,

Conor Tighe  1:54:22
whatever you need for the target Travel, because my understanding is you're traveling with protein,

Unknown Speaker  1:54:39
power. Longer.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:46
It's aging.

Speaker 1  1:54:53
Yeah, I get like, you know, but it's because, like,

Conor Tighe  1:54:56
we don't want to be like, Hey, you don't really, well, yeah,

Speaker 6  1:55:10
yeah. I mean, remember, at the job site, your jar has to be properly.

Conor Tighe  1:55:18
It's funny, like we're not, I mean, we're not designers, because we have like, 400 in house designers when we do design build, we also know that, like when we're CMAR, part of the benefit is that we'll still have the mentality of, hey, we've done a lot of design build, we'll ask the same questions as if we were because, yeah, well, I mean, there's nothing worse than something goes wrong. And everyone's like, Well, that wasn't my job. It's like, it's just better to, like, ferret out everything before something goes

Unknown Speaker  1:56:00
wrong, yeah? Make sure all of

Unknown Speaker  1:56:03
the all the gaps are closed, yeah?

Conor Tighe  1:56:06
So that's why we'll ask.

Ryan Hankins  1:56:17
No, yeah, I know I'm notorious for everybody. Everybody loves me.

Conor Tighe  1:56:30
I had half of one of those, and I was for that second half. Yeah, that's diversification.

Speaker 1  1:56:49
What's the next topic we're gonna do? Sequencing and like the turnover strategy? Yeah, turnover. So just making sure we define what Cory shop complete mean for you, wait for court? Meta,

Speaker 6  1:57:08
well, at some point, I think that it would be important to talk a little bit about, you know, like conditions of success, like, what does it mean for everybody to be successful on this project, because sometimes, you know, to align, people have totally different ideas of what would make a successful project, right? I mean, you guys, the end users, will be thinking something different than the design team, something different than the contractor, right? I mean, I really like to capture some of that stuff and post it in the job sites, trailers too, so that it's something that we can look at every day and remind ourselves what is really important, what the goals are, you know, I just think, just kind of think about that as we work through stuff today, and maybe we can revisit It, you know, definitely before we start construction, but I think that would be important, you know, for our team, especially moving forward, just so we have a full understanding, you know, of everybody's expectations and

Unknown Speaker  1:58:13
goals and success. That's great.

Speaker 1  1:58:18
Yeah, I think we probably roll that into this conversation. I think that's really good to understand what everyone's success criteria are. But for those of you online, we'll go ahead and kind of jump in here to our next topic. Little out of order, but we're going to talk about construction sequencing and what the turnover actually means. So our goal is to really kind of define what it means to be core and shell complete, and at what point we would be ready to hand the space off to the to the delivery team to start their build of the actual water tank inside the building. So that's that's the overall goal. But we can kind of just jump into conversation there. I don't know, Ryan, if you had anything specific you wanted to pull up and talk through

Ryan Hankins  1:59:12
as I take a bite of my almond pastry. Bad timing. Totally fine. I So, oh yeah, I need to share.

Ryan Hankins  1:59:33
First question is like, what does Cory shell complete? Does that mean joint occupancy, like you guys are working alongside us, I

Speaker 17  1:59:44
think we need to define a couple transition points in there, so at a high level, where we want to be able to install the inside water tank before TCO, and then at The TCO point, that's where that kind of joint occupancy comes in, where we'll probably be largely occupying the RV space while the rest of the building is

Unknown Speaker  2:00:12
getting out fit or in the TI phase. But what,

Ryan Hankins  2:00:15
at what point do you want to start doing the tank, six months before we are off site? Or is

Speaker 1  2:00:23
it starting in August? Right? August 27 was the goal in there.

Speaker 17  2:00:29
So August of 27 is the goal to have us in there to install everything beyond the tank. I think March 27 is when we'd like to start installing

Speaker 1  2:00:42
the tank. I tank. And so when you say to start installing the tank, what would you need to be complete in order to do that, just the slab,

Speaker 17  2:00:56
minimum slab. We don't necessarily need the overhead crane. We can bring in a mobile crane if needed. So brain if needed.

Conor Tighe  2:01:04
Are you? Are you? I assume you're sort of erecting that tank in pieces as you sort of build up, because that's what we would see. That size of a tank.

Speaker 17  2:01:15
I haven't seen the exact design of it. We have a model of what we're looking for, and it's going to an outside contractor against tank to do the detailed design. But I'm assuming they're going to come in with some four by eight panels or something like that, and weld off the entire tank.

Conor Tighe  2:01:31
Yeah, just keep on welding and building it from ground up. It's welded.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:36
It's not working right? Yeah, I'm assuming

Unknown Speaker  2:01:41
as well, pretty sure it has to. Evidence and there.

Conor Tighe  2:01:44
And there doesn't need to be any conditioned space like

Speaker 1  2:01:50
really, it's just free and clear access to the space. But you need it starting in, starting in March of 27

Speaker 17  2:01:58
ideally, that's what we're currently tracking towards. Some negotiating

Conor Tighe  2:02:02
negotiation in there, have you already gotten the tank manufacturer under?

Unknown Speaker  2:02:10
You already gotten them under this?

Conor Tighe  2:02:14
Yeah, sometimes we find they they easily slip on you. One of our team members

Speaker 17  2:02:22
here our structural engineer is working on this, and work with them quite a bit, like SpaceX and Blue Origin, so they made a lot of the tanks on all those sites.

Conor Tighe  2:02:31
So they are right now. Okay, great. I'm just pre warning. I've seen them like, Yeah, we're gonna deliver. And then it's like four weeks, five weeks later, for

Unknown Speaker  2:02:43
whatever reason, construction

Conor Tighe  2:02:45
March, that's, that's, he's asked him

Ryan Hankins  2:02:50
to pull up. I was pulling up, and stuff

Conor Tighe  2:03:00
is, is, are we still going to try to preload before you do that installation? Because there's been some discussion about trying to preload that slab to allow for settlement. I guess in a way, you could just have the tank in there and then fill it up and let it settle.

Speaker 1  2:03:22
What's the thoughts? So what's the overall time frame? So if we started in March of 27 How long do they need to complete the tank where we could actually get to the point of putting water in it?

Speaker 17  2:03:37
Their overall schedule is during three months, including putting water

Unknown Speaker  2:03:40
in town, starting from, starting

Unknown Speaker  2:03:43
from March. Yeah, so they

Speaker 1  2:03:44
would theoretically be done in June, July, and then, so once we get, I guess once we got finished with that, what's the follow on step that would that were would happen after that. What working continues.

Speaker 17  2:04:03
So at that point, we're looking for what we normally call TCL, not the exact way TCO in August, and at that point we're gonna start coming in and installing our reward structures and equipment to support the machine.

Conor Tighe  2:04:21
So you showed interior build out,

Ryan Hankins  2:04:24
really, in the February timeline.

Conor Tighe  2:04:26
So that sort of works.

Ryan Hankins  2:04:32
And sorry, I was working through steps. I wasn't

Conor Tighe  2:04:35
listening to anything. So tank would start March of 2027

Ryan Hankins  2:04:42
Yeah. As long as we can get steel in time, yeah,

Conor Tighe  2:04:47
because we have to be completely done overhead before they before they move in.

Speaker 1  2:04:55
So that being done overhead, what does that entail?

Ryan Hankins  2:04:58
Lighting, fire suppression all the piping fire alarm, yeah, you have your server racks up there.

Conor Tighe  2:05:06
We're probably not going to be charged on the fire alarm, so it's not going to be filled, okay? I mean, if you needed to, you could do a dance floor over the tank once it's installed, it's not like the biggest deal because it's, it's in a pit. But, I mean, I don't think you can, I don't think there's any problem with finishing any of the overhead work.

Ryan Hankins  2:05:40
It just depends, does install in the tank? Mean you're also doing the I'm going to call them conduits, that go from the IMG modules to the so it's just the tank cylinder. Then, yeah, it should be pretty simple, though,

Speaker 17  2:05:53
all the other shipping container modules and those conduits start coming in in

Conor Tighe  2:05:58
August, yeah, and we're out of there. We should be out

Unknown Speaker  2:06:01
of there, yeah, but when will you be done with the high base space?

Ryan Hankins  2:06:09
We were thinking that a lot of that core and shell work was really done by July. Mean, the the labs. I mean, it really comes down to this ve session tomorrow. How much overhead piping do we have, and can we just keep it to the outside, the outside perimeter, instead of, you know, hugging it more on the inside where that tank is, if we can keep it on the outside walls that keep that gives us more time to stay away from that area.

Unknown Speaker  2:06:41
I think most of our utilities are outside because of the bridge screen. Too much on the bridge screen needs to happen

Speaker 7  2:06:53
the largest span it can have clear, yeah, to support them. So by default, we're going to try to stick away from it. And that's where it's getting super tight, in Congress. We'll have to work through that, I guess. Is there. I'm just gonna ask the question, is, there, is there a value in talking to the tent, contractors, vendor?

Conor Tighe  2:07:16
There's always value. Because I'm just

Unknown Speaker  2:07:18
wondering, like, who wants to site, who wants concrete at that point? What is the expectations?

Conor Tighe  2:07:24
Concrete? Yeah, we have no PLA here, right? No project labor agreement required. Explain that sometimes, and I don't think New Mexico counts in this. This is the unions. This is project labor agreements. They can become problematic when you're having fit out. That is more of science fit out versus more construction work. But I don't think we do

Ryan Hankins  2:07:58
like they get mad about certain people doing certain things.

Conor Tighe  2:08:00
Yeah, so, like, I don't think that situations here that wouldn't be tied to our IRB. Yeah, that's the only way it would come in.

Speaker 1  2:08:11
And yeah, we can confirm that, but I don't

Ryan Hankins  2:08:15
think so. The IRB,

Conor Tighe  2:08:17
it's only from public funding, is usually how it comes in

Ryan Hankins  2:08:21
the IRB condition of the IRB, unlike project miner, has been a little cumbersome. They're not used to it's used to revenue bond.

Speaker 1  2:08:31
So some specific fusion is taking the revenue bond. We have to, we have a prevailing wage requirement.

Conor Tighe  2:08:40
But that that doesn't mean that there has to be a plain

Speaker 1  2:08:44
that language in there, but I know we probably need to double check on that

Ryan Hankins  2:08:50
we have it. I don't know if you're from if you're in the middle of that, but

Conor Tighe  2:08:53
I know I've not been in the middle of it. I'm staying out of it, but I do, I do see the email correspondence about some of the problems with the IRB down there.

Ryan Hankins  2:09:06
Just it's used to being for government funded stuff. This is not, yeah, just like minor, minors not started,

Speaker 1  2:09:13
I think was late last calendar year, so they haven't worked out all the bugs

Conor Tighe  2:09:17
of how it applies to a private project. So let me, I it. So let me, let me connect with the right person, not the caterer that we're thinking of.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:29
Totally agree. So totally

Conor Tighe  2:09:31
let me, let me connect with the right person on what is actually happening on the IRB, on the other major project just south of here as well, south of

Speaker 7  2:09:44
so I think, based on this conversation, when you think it's appropriate, let's have a conversation with a vendor to make sure that expectations are aligned, and you can hold them to a date.

Speaker 3  2:09:56
And I don't know Jeremy or Frank, if you guys remember, Cory is not here right the second, but there it seems like we had a meeting with advanced tank, and they kind of went through their tentative timeline, but I don't have all of those dates in my head, and I just looked at my notes and I couldn't find it, but yeah, it makes sense to meet with them again and make sure it's firmed up. That was a long time. That was a long time back, and maybe things have changed and updated.

Speaker 17  2:10:21
They're currently reading their drawings. Currently creating their drawing set.

Ryan Hankins  2:10:26
Yeah. So to confirm, because I was on my computer, unfortunately, so you think the tanks gonna be able to show up in March, that's the current schedule that we're driving the Luis, and it takes three months to install it. That's what it was.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:39
We'll go on and confirm that, once we get

Ryan Hankins  2:10:43
some details, and then the hookups and stuff and moving in the rest of the equipment will be August that generally works with what we're Yeah,

Speaker 17  2:10:53
yeah, there was one question I have seen pull forward, but August, I think, is the, hopefully, the agreed upon date for the hopefully, the three upon date,

Ryan Hankins  2:11:03
and what, what drives that August date, besides for us, is it okay, like for getting the IMG modules in there? And

Conor Tighe  2:11:16
could we talk insurance real quick? Because the other issue with how core and shell and fit out sort of interrelates is, is in two buckets. One is the sort of general liability coverages, the other one is in builders risk. Have we resolved who is doing what?

Ryan Hankins  2:11:36
There's actually a CCIP, but it's a really odd CCIP, CCIP, sorry, OCIP, OCIP, but it's an odd OCIP, yeah, I'm talking about onsite insurance now,

Conor Tighe  2:11:51
yeah, not, not your guys, yeah, but, but it does sort of govern like we have to figure out that solution, because when you're sort of in the building doing fit out, we need to make sure that the builder's risk fully covers both core and shell and fit out. And either we can buy it that way, or you can buy it that way, either way works. But we need to make sure if we're on the site at the same time that we do do that coverage, otherwise, if the building burns down, we're in real trouble. So you

Speaker 1  2:12:31
guys, if we had you guys, purchase the additional insurance, would this tank vendor have to hold them

Conor Tighe  2:12:36
for you? So builders risk, the way the builders risk would work is anyone who is a contractor within the facility would be covered. Okay, so it doesn't, it doesn't per se matter, yeah, yeah. It doesn't matter. Because within that, within the A 201 agreement, it has that section for the waiver subrogations, and it covers both your contractors and ours.

Unknown Speaker  2:13:03
We just need to get the value.

Conor Tighe  2:13:04
It's it's in there. That's the crux of it. We just need to, we would have to have an approximate value in order to actually procure it. Okay, so,

Speaker 1  2:13:15
yeah, we can follow up on that and get that information. I think most likely, we would probably ask you guys to carry the additional insurance. But, yeah, we can. We can get that cost.

Conor Tighe  2:13:27
We buy it all the time. We have the relationships with the carriers. So would you suggest that it get

Speaker 6  2:13:33
increased at a certain point in time? Then or No, it just, it

Conor Tighe  2:13:36
just gets rated for the whole project, and both fit out in core and shell. Okay, yeah, so and so it just gets rated that way. We'll have to talk to nikona,

Speaker 3  2:13:52
and you're saying the full fit out, I'm just trying to understand not doesn't affect me, but of just the tank.

Conor Tighe  2:14:00
So if we're onsite working at the same time, it has to be the full scope of the entire project and what needs the search engine. Because the thought process is, if the building, let's say that there's an earthquake, a tornado, a fire, you know, when it gets destroyed, you want coverage for the full value,

Unknown Speaker  2:14:25
till occupancy, right? Or until owner places their own insurance?

Conor Tighe  2:14:32
Yeah, it can. It can be either till occupancy or the owner can place a secondary insurance after.

Speaker 7  2:14:41
This is not insurance, but is there an opportunity to do a partial certificate occupancy, because they're coming in in August, and you guys are done?

Ryan Hankins  2:14:52
That's like, that's, yeah, a PCO. That's, that's part of this conversation is like figuring out, is there a TCO strategy to get, you know, like, for example, you want to just start installing the tank. So do we need to get a TCO for the R and D space and make sure we have egress and all those types of things, temp walls? Potentially, probably not. And then when we go turn over, you know, like the admin space. Like, do you want part of the admin space early? Do you want a lab early so that we can make sure that we are identifying that whole TCO plan?

Speaker 1  2:15:27
Yeah, we probably have to think through that a little bit what that strategy would look like. So if we did get TCO, that would mean whatever section of that, you know, the high day would get turned over to PEP, including the operations of that building, is that we would maintain all the, all the equipment, everything that feeds the space until construction is complete. Is that correct? So we would, we would own everything that feeds into that section of the building.

Ryan Hankins  2:15:58
It No, it would be more of, like, a like, you guys would be able to operate, but it's mainly just that the fire marshal says it's, it's safe from a life safety standpoint. Like, I mean, that's, they're 90% of what they're looking at is fire alarm, fire protection, you know, yeah, like, yeah. Package the equipment is under?

Speaker 17  2:16:26
I think we're largely considering the tank a part of this initial permit package.

Ryan Hankins  2:16:34
So that's where it gets interesting, because we do have to permit it, like, we're tcoing it. So, like, because, like, when you go to TCO, like, the inspector wants to see a one line diagram and say, Oh, this is TCO one. And this is what's on. This is what's not on. And so there is some nuances there. And so it is something that we should probably figure

Unknown Speaker  2:16:55
out here pretty quickly. So there's two parts, right?

Conor Tighe  2:16:57
They'll perm, they'll permit the Fit outs. They can, you can permit to throw it out separately,

Speaker 7  2:17:01
yeah, yeah, you can. So there's two parts. The one is the tank March 2027, through August, right? Or whatever that can be under your permit, right? The August is what I'm asking, but not necessarily a TCO, but a partial certificate of OCC so you, you get done with that site, hand it over, and you're working on the other side so that you're not doubling down on insurance requirements. If you're done with that site, you hand it over.

Ryan Hankins  2:17:32
It gets a little gets a little squirrely there with insurance,

Speaker 7  2:17:37
because the fire protection, everything is on the other side.

Conor Tighe  2:17:40
It's the cup. It may work. We We have to get the risk managers sort of all on the same page, because usually when you when you have the transfer of beneficial occupancy, it's usually TCO may be different than beneficial right? And typically, when the client sort of takes beneficial occupancy, they're they're now utilizing their fit out of services. They're responsible for the electric and the gas bill, right? And that's when insurance sort of switches over, because it's also when the owner has punched that area. It's been cleared for purposes of like, you know, you're you're done. We're now occupying finish your punch list. Everything has been transferred over to the client. And you can do that in areas, specific areas of the facility. You could do it in high bay while we still have sort of, quote, unquote, ownership of, you know, lab cup, wherever else. And so it's it is possible to do it that way, yeah, and see, here's the thing, like at that point, like the builders, risk may end on our part, but Pacific fusion would still carry property insurance on their side,

Speaker 7  2:19:03
because that is going to be a separate firm. Yeah, right at that point in time, if you guys are not doing that work, yeah, how do you manage that risk? Yeah, is the question. Because if then they take over that site, they are in charge of that work, yeah, so they should carry the law.

Ryan Hankins  2:19:22
Would stay away. What I think would be probably the right sequence of doing this is probably figuring out, like, what you guys actually need, and understanding, like, you know, what that March timeline looks like, what that August time looks like, what, you know, hey, like, we're going to actually start commissioning our equipment on this date that helps us with developing a permit strategy and TCO plan that supports you. Meaning it's not just like, oh, like, we're gonna it's like, we need, you know, 17 parking spots, and we need, like, you know what I mean, like, just stuff like that, so we can start helping the city understand. Because I want to go talk with the city, and I want to go tell them what our plan is, but until we understand your plan, we can't necessarily go communicate that with them. Is there any other space you think you would need?

Unknown Speaker  2:20:09
Jeremy or just behind me?

Speaker 17  2:20:11
I'll create some interface, schedule what we're looking for when we're looking for it, an r&d space is a big one. Cm dos you need that pretty early control room become later. A lot of the labs become much later.

Ryan Hankins  2:20:31
Remember, though, with the CM Das, like, what do you need? Like, what part of that room do you need early? Is it just, you just need access because you want to start installing cabling or something like that. Or do you need, like, it to be clean? Or do you need it to be like a clean room? Like, do we need to be completely out of there?

Speaker 17  2:20:47
Some of those details from CMH. Specifically, there's a an EMI shielded room is scheduled to go in with the corn shell. So it's only that room built that so we can start

Unknown Speaker  2:21:02
populate populating reps, and they are the power to the equipment.

Speaker 3  2:21:07
And I think that's another item that Pacific fusion is directly buying that that shielded room from ETS land grant. So like advanced tape directly buying the equipment, but it needs to go in during that phase.

Ryan Hankins  2:21:21
You already knew that well, yeah, kind of but yeah, that's all really good information that we just need to get flushed out and, frankly, put into our schedule so that we can make sure we're planning

Speaker 6  2:21:36
around that affects fire suppression and fire alarm design as well areas,

Unknown Speaker  2:21:46
and you know, they'll have to track.

Speaker 1  2:21:54
And then Jeremy. Is there any other support you think Clayco would need to provide for these vendors. Is there any like safety oversight that would be needed? You know, any lot of support if we're tying into existing circuits, anything like that, if we could strike, you know, start thinking about that way they can understand what their what their support needs to look like.

Conor Tighe  2:22:20
Yes, so we don't normally do the safety oversight for the owners separate contractors. We do, I have seen where we will do like, a joint orientation so that everyone's orientated in the same way. But it's part of the sort of downside when an owner sort of takes, like an owner, separate contractor, we can't be controlling over them, because we don't ultimately have contract with them. So that's like sort of the negative there in that arrangement.

Speaker 17  2:22:59
Yeah, it's ultimately you're responsible for the site until hand over, and so we need to make sure

Unknown Speaker  2:23:08
that we're operating within your safety parameters. We'll have to train them to follow those rules, that portion of it, yeah, yeah.

Conor Tighe  2:23:20
What I tell what we've told people is like, obviously, if we see a separate contractor that's not tied off, we generally will still stop that. Like, but it's not ultimately our responsibility to do their sites safety inspections like we would as a CMAR for ourselves,

Ryan Hankins  2:23:39
some vendors are better than others, like the automotive industry, those guys are nuts, like showing up in flip flops and stuff like that. But we'll, we'll, we'll let these guys prove themselves, and yeah, we'll figure it out. You'd be surprised at what we see just

Speaker 7  2:24:00
asking the obvious question here, is there any way to pull that schedule three months, or is there any way to move this three months to avoid all this overlap,

Ryan Hankins  2:24:12
to pull it three months, like, up to the left it all, I mean, honestly, like, goes back to like, the Steel like, I mean, like, we gotta get steel stealing gear. Like, because, I mean, right now, even with our 50 weeks, we're not getting electrical gear till May, so you won't have permanent power on for, you know, four to six weeks after that, it

Conor Tighe  2:24:39
all gets figured out. Yeah, like, like, Rivian Normal. You know, they've been working with OEMs over the last like nine months. And you know, it's so we all were used to having other contractors within the facility for fit out. It's just making sure to go through the rules.

Speaker 7  2:25:00
Yeah, I'm used to other contractors. I'm just not used to, like a firm, the other vendors. I'm used to it. It's more about the Pacific fusion Stafford.

Conor Tighe  2:25:13
We're somewhat used to the owner having specialty, specialty people for their process. So it's not super abnormal.

Ryan Hankins  2:25:35
Yeah, it's also a big step up that you guys are saying you're gonna hire contractors and not do it yourself. That's another thing. I just got done working with a client that thought they were going to run electrical themselves. And I was like, you work in an office, like, you know nothing about electrical wiring, and now you're going to go hook up equipment. I was like, that sounds like a terrible idea. Yeah. I ah,

Conor Tighe  2:26:08
yeah. I mean, the preference is, like, we've seen some of the startups, particularly on the front end science, there's going to be a point to where I think your own sort of staff has been set up equipment. We prefer to be out at that point. That's, that's when

Ryan Hankins  2:26:28
there's, there's also a point where there's too where, like, we're sitting here today, we still have unknowns, and we need to go get those figured out with, like, the steel and whatnot. You know, today is probably not the right time to figure all this overlap, we could use that as a contingency strategy, if, like, we don't also don't know what your funding is tied to and what you know type of requirements are being put on you from a schedule standpoint. So as some of these unknowns become knowns, we can look at additional options to go compress or to overlap certain things. But I mean, just to make all those calls today is going to be super difficult until we get some of those variables figured out. We are tracking for is delivering in the door.

Unknown Speaker  2:27:09
And that's the obvious 2027 time frame, that

Speaker 18  2:27:17
is, that is probably the biggest miles for moving modules in and for

Unknown Speaker  2:27:23
this initiative, just for the core shell construction design, getting the delivery team in the door to start moving

Unknown Speaker  2:27:35
our equipment, all the work that we have going on in

Ryan Hankins  2:27:36
the RFP space. And, I mean, I don't see that being an issue. Like, I just think even if, like, steel slides your schedule a little bit, I don't think that's an issue, it's just talking about, like, what's completed. Like, do you need full AC down to, like, a minuscule temperature requirement? Do you need, like, you know, every piece of electrical gear, you know, online and like, yeah, and I think that's a reasonable target. I just think we need to work through it as to what that means

Conor Tighe  2:28:11
so, so is really the next step, because I think on our 3060, 90, sort of kick off, I think when we getting to level two, two and a half scheduling by 90 days at that point, I think we have to have the handover criteria for certain areas defined, and then we're folding in sort of owner milestones of when we're handing over within that scheduling environment. So we don't have that get it locked in today, but probably somewhere in that 6075, day frame we have to get it pretty much locked in so that the p6 schedule, just to give it time.

Speaker 7  2:28:57
I think it'll be good to have that permitting strategy in place for me to the city too, because that's where we get a little ICD to give them some clarity on how this is moving forward as a set of documents, and they identify it right now as this is being set up to fill the machine controlling that narrative, the permitting for the mission, because there who's going to pull the permit will come up, or someone else is going to pull the permit? Yeah, I mean, at one point that comes up,

Speaker 7  2:29:37
just just to be whether to say it or not, and what are we going to say if this becomes, do you

Conor Tighe  2:29:44
have a permit expediter? Or is that on our side? Maybe I'm so used to Chicago, we've

Speaker 3  2:29:51
started having conversations with the City of Albuquerque permitting team, and there we're going to continue that. I think next week is actually the week that it's going to happen now. So we're going to continue having those conversations from the design side, from Pacific Region side, we've started meeting with them. They're ready for this project, and understand, like, how critical it is for us to be getting the permanent reviews, having consistent reviewers. So we're going to continue those conversations and hopefully talk through some of the critical like our questions, understanding how they're going to respond to things, making sure that we have the documentation in place that's going to allow the permit reviews to go through. We're carrying we're actually

Unknown Speaker  2:30:33
hearing a time frame like a pre commit. I don't want to say it's not formally committed, but anticipated time frame that they but

Speaker 19  2:30:47
anticipated time frame that they've been Rebecca that duration for getting our first set of comments back is for people who work in big cities. It's this duration is shockingly Sure.

Speaker 3  2:31:00
Yeah, well, it's Albuquerque, and they've told us three weeks for initial color review response. But that's good. Thank you, Susie, for that context. I think it will happen in three I feel pretty confident enough where the biggest thing happens, yeah, yeah. So I think it's definitely prioritized within the city, so you have a fast track, initial current expediter. But we also have, I

Speaker 19  2:31:34
think that duration is really important to communicate to people that are used to multiplying them by a factor to 10?

Speaker 3  2:31:42
Yeah, definitely. I think with, even without a fast track in Albuquerque, you it wouldn't be uncommon to see four weeks. So I don't know that it's like, I don't know that it's daycare, but it's definitely not a fact.

Conor Tighe  2:31:58
I guess I'm less concerned with the timing of the permit review. It's figuring out how corn shell is going to be permitted versus fit out to be permanent. That's the we just need to figure that's that's that 1c It's the

Conor Tighe  2:32:21
phase two, oh, understood, yeah, and that that there's that's like, just seeing to that next sort of stuff. That's why I brought up, and you're

Unknown Speaker  2:32:34
saying just anticipating,

Conor Tighe  2:32:35
usually the expediter will tell us, tell us that what you can get away with.

Speaker 7  2:32:44
You know, the expediter in the city, the city of Albuquerque, on a project like this, the Governor's team gets an expediter within the city. Okay, so there is an unofficial person, but I'm thinking and so for the first phase here, for

Speaker 14  2:33:01
just the first phase of core shell, and Ti goes out, right compared to the machine install, we should only be submitting aspects of the first place court shell. We should hold off submitting any aspects of the machine install, so as not to slow you guys down absolutely, because that's in the mucky waters, right?

Conor Tighe  2:33:19
Yeah, they're, they're gonna get freaked out. And it's what my experience they're gonna get freaked out and they sort of get stuck in their own back

Speaker 7  2:33:29
they reference this is where the questions that will come up on, for example, if it was Austin or somewhere else, they would be a lot more sophisticated and ask more questions about utilities that are going to the machine, dig into it. And so that's when we need to be ready to say, like, hey, how much is good knowledge for them to know to move this forward? Because at some point they know that you're building a machine, what's going to that machine? And all that comes in the bridge, in the in the next phase. And so it becomes a, it's a cat and mouse game. Totally understand. I think we

Speaker 14  2:34:01
do need to draw a very clear line. No machine install should be submitted to the city until we receive approvals. Officer space, so we don't get caught into those caught up in some of those questions,

Ryan Hankins  2:34:14
especially since they don't actually review process that much, like they're like, oh, like, your process is yours. Oh, they will. That's okay, sorry, this one yes, this one, yes,

Speaker 10  2:34:27
I'm just telling you, okay, yeah, this is the first time that actually fair enough situation here, though, working relationship with the city discussion.

Conor Tighe  2:34:42
Yeah, it's, it's, yeah, just keep those discussions somewhat separate from getting the core and shell through. I think that's because what we've I'll just give you life experience on first, first of kind like second inclines. It's not, it's not the lead permit person at the city or a hj, it's somebody like in one department that just cannot, sort of, yeah, can't get it through their brain, and you're consistently trying to knock down that particular issue.

Speaker 14  2:35:22
Okay? Because I would probably ask, let's completely wait until after we get that one, see approval, and we basically be out in the woods at that point. There are going to be things that impact some aspects, right, that you guys are gonna have to make up. But there's intentionally,

Unknown Speaker  2:35:42
yeah, wait until June 16.

Unknown Speaker  2:35:44
June 16, that's most admitted.

Unknown Speaker  2:35:47
But and then six weeks after, or, I mean, after we get the

Unknown Speaker  2:35:51
permit, yeah, I think the fine line you're walking is you're putting the tank in

Speaker 7  2:35:58
the corner, shell package. And so if the question comes up, some potential engineer, or whatever it is that, Hey, what is connecting to that, and

Conor Tighe  2:36:10
what's coming over that's, it's a big tank. You know, the tank itself can be inspired

Unknown Speaker  2:36:25
the idea of how we're moving. We're all we're all on the same page.

Conor Tighe  2:36:29
You just say science now that sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  2:36:33
I think, I think we're in a good spot, as long

Speaker 5  2:36:39
as you guys are planning on your approvals and conversations.

Speaker 3  2:36:51
I was waiting until after we determined the type, one, A, 1b, so now you have that as we're moving forward with one fee. So I think that I can go ahead and set up that next meeting. Sorry. I up next meeting this updated drawing that just doesn't show the tank so

Unknown Speaker  2:37:09
we can flip through the drawings the target chamber.

Speaker 3  2:37:12
Yeah, yeah, if you're able to do that, I'm sorry. Yeah.

Speaker 7  2:37:24
Shows, have you guys gotten a clear idea of the definition of the turnover, as clear as we can at this point in

Ryan Hankins  2:37:31
time for today, I think we're good. We're gonna think you guys want to come back to us with more information. Well, yeah, I think the goal for today, I think, is complete,

Speaker 3  2:37:41
some of the, like, the specific questions that you all are asking, of, what's, I mean, I don't know. This is just me seeing it, maybe Jeremy and Cory and you're all team, know, is there a way that you all will bring people through those questions, of, like, what specifically they are meaning at each hand, off of like, what power is needed, what HVAC? What do you bring people through those questions? Or do you all know and understand this is a

Speaker 14  2:38:09
TV, right? I think that's covid delineation, yeah.

Conor Tighe  2:38:18
So we'll, we'll mutually sort of agree to all of it, and usually it gets bolted into the GMP, okay, the easiest, that's like the most simplistic way of dealing with it, because once, once we sort of get the core and shell GMP, it ultimately will have the schedule, and we then have sort of the criteria of The handoff for the individual areas defined, because it's too early in the process, like we're still sort of in the mark trying to figure out how everything's sequencing. So that's why you sort of do it at

Speaker 14  2:38:55
that point. Yeah, but you need something from us you guys are planning for

Conor Tighe  2:39:02
your 6075, day. Yeah. We would, we would, we would, like, from your perspective, what you need, from, from from to hand over to you. There may be some messiness in the handover, because sometimes we hand over to you and there's a commissioning process that's ongoing, that's fine, right? So we'll have to understand what those edges are. Yeah,

Ryan Hankins  2:39:28
the ideas, the idea is that we're trying to help you get into the building while we're still under construction. And like how that all works together.

Conor Tighe  2:39:46
All, could we also get whoever your lead Risk Manager is, like a name, because, I think, because we talked about it, there's, there's, there's typically a separate risk management insurance call that we have early on in the precon period. So we'll talk with James. So Mindy, is our insurance? Is it? Mindy? The same finance. Okay, so we met Mindy already.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:14
What may be helpful? If you guys have some air questions? Nick for you guys. Okay, if that doesn't work, we'll just directly connect you with your need. But if you guys have specific questions, usually

Conor Tighe  2:40:35
those are easy questions, yeah, are you gonna do? I think you're doing a GL OSA

Unknown Speaker  2:40:41
is I'm not super familiar with all of the different flavors.

Conor Tighe  2:40:46
It's sort of like a butter scotch. It's it's not the most common flavor. Doesn't mean it's any less delicious.

Unknown Speaker  2:40:58
Follow meaning, just to talk insurance,

Conor Tighe  2:41:02
it's typically recommended, just because it we plan to have the butter Spanish policy in place, probably May of this year. Okay, the terms of those, I'm sure you guys are, yeah, like we, have to have some type of understanding. Our preference is that you don't utilize the dirt ball secondary market. There's a slightly used car, yeah. They basically give you,

Unknown Speaker  2:41:41
like, an extended Car Warranty.

Conor Tighe  2:41:43
Yeah, it's like two thirds of a real policy. So,

Conor Tighe  2:41:51
or while they're they're more apt to have exclusions, you know, I have to get, like, at least, you know, three glasses of wine to talk about policy

Conor Tighe  2:42:10
exclusions, so I it's just better to go through those ground rules before people like do things. When would you guys was

Speaker 14  2:42:21
the last responsible moment you guys want to have that

Ryan Hankins  2:42:25
conversation, the insurance discussion. There's really two different discussions we want to have on insurance, but I think we still we need to understand, like your sequencing first before we really have that full discussion. The other discussion, I think, on the insurance is, I'm not sure who wrote the actual insurance exhibit for the contract, but it was super odd compared to what we have seen in the past with the OCIP and our contract Attorney. It was a lot of weird things that we've never seen before. Like, it was just like, there's a $50 million limit the OCIP, and it's like, so if anything happens over 50 million, like, it's not covered 50 million, yeah. And so it's like, if something happens over 50 million like, there's no coverage for that. Yeah, there's, like, there's like, several things in there that are just odd that I think we just need to make sure we talk through, I

Speaker 18  2:43:33
believe it's aggregate so it didn't annually renew.

Ryan Hankins  2:43:38
There's, there's a, yeah, I think we need to have our insurance people just talk once we understand what we want to do, like nikona, she's really good, and well, Conor, too. And I think just, we need to understand what the ask is, and then we can figure out how to go deal with it. It's, yeah, I think you'd agree, if you read it, you'd be like, there's a couple weird things in here.

Speaker 7  2:44:03
Yeah, I just wanted to let you guys know Susie C with Meyer's plus is here she's she's leading the team, MEP team for Myers plus. And if you wanted to just rehash some of these things, Susie, we talked a little bit about getting the electrical gear, chillers and some of the major stuff ready and in place, and I think we'll have this continue this conversation tomorrow with the VE items to see how the VE affects Our schedule. We might need to make some decisions tomorrow, at least, how we want to move forward.

Ryan Hankins  2:44:47
You know, yeah, I mean not dragging you through the mud again. We just talked about. But basically, the schedule has some critical path items, as you'd expect, and as you probably are aware, on other projects like mechanical and electrical equipment are firmly on the critical path normally, I think, knowing that we have a ve session tomorrow and knowing that we'd like to buy the equipment as soon as possible, in order to give you enough time to, you know, give us a spec that's vetted and ready to go to market, I think we'd just like to quickly understand kind of the VE direction and give you enough time to start putting That final spec together.

Unknown Speaker  2:45:28
Oh, you're muted. You're muted. You I'm

Speaker 7  2:45:57
sorry, yeah, we can talk about it tomorrow, but yeah, is that better?

Speaker 19  2:46:14
Yes, sorry, misbehaving. No, I heard you guys, and I fully understand, I think, and particularly, particularly the electrical switch gear. Right now we're going with 5000 amp gear, which is, I think, the longest that pretty much the largest off the shelf. Type here, available. So that may be even so we need to talk about it. We can talk about it in detail. Tomorrow I'll be there in person, perfect. And then we can also look our mechanical folks will be on the call. But I think we've got some, there's some be work to do with both mechanical, electrical, and we I agree, once we get through that we can button down specs and drawings so that we can go out with some early procurement packages.

Unknown Speaker  2:47:18
Thank you. Susie, sure

Unknown Speaker  2:47:30
what's next

Ryan Hankins  2:47:38
week? It's a 60 day type discussion. Yeah, we don't need it today. I think we're doing

Speaker 1  2:47:50
pretty well. We've already gone over the design schedule, and then I have procurement and design coordination, which I think we've already pretty well talked about, unless there's anything else there that's missing related to

Ryan Hankins  2:48:09
procurement, no, I think we've pretty much mean, I feel like I feel a lot better right now than I did last week, as far as like alignment and feeling like we're all kind of what's next on the there's a couple other things left. Maybe just ask.

Conor Tighe  2:48:25
I'm gonna ask one open ended question, some things that get us tripped up on procurement. You may have specific things that you want us to fold into subcontract procurement, just at times that's been you have a specific safety requirement. Where you came from, meta, they always did fold in. Our recommendation is not to do that type of stuff. But it's all like, I think it's something that we have to consider over, like, the next like, 75 days.

Speaker 1  2:49:01
Yeah, I wouldn't expect us to have any of that. Okay, unfortunately, we are not that sophisticated an organization yet.

Conor Tighe  2:49:10
Thankfully, like, I don't think it adds any benefit to be on Frank, like, nothing against the paper scalers and some of the other larger companies. Like, we're safety professionals, we're QA QC professionals. We can utilize all of our own programs and provide provide them to you for commenting, but

Speaker 1  2:49:30
yeah, we don't, yeah, we're not going to have our own, like, two AQC plan, our own safety requirements that we down to you guys. Any of that, I think it's all

Ryan Hankins  2:49:44
we're just gonna lean on you. Okay, perfect. I think the only thing is just commissioning, not that we need to solve it today, but just want to make sure we're talking about it. I think understanding, while you don't have, you don't have requirements on quality and safety, I think understanding your commissioning requirements is going to be, I mean, sounds like you've done some pretty cool things in your career, so you probably have some ideas of what you like. Understanding that up front would be helpful as they put together the MEP specs, commissioning specs, and then I assume you guys are hiring a commissioning agent of some sort. Yeah, we

Speaker 1  2:50:21
haven't done that yet, but we will have third party commissioning for facility equipment, most likely materials testing as well. We'll probably hire facility HVAC person. I think some of the more

Unknown Speaker  2:50:39
interesting components

Conor Tighe  2:50:41
will probably happen in the second phase. Also, then the last one that comes to mind is BIM and the model itself. How far are you bringing the model from the design perspective?

Speaker 7  2:50:56
We should stop having a BIM column separately, guys, because we're bringing that Creo model into Okay, and so at some point we need to transfer it over to Jordan guys to do class protection. We're starting to do class protection ourselves, but it depends on how much you guys want to take control of it.

Conor Tighe  2:51:14
Yeah, let's talk about, are you bringing it to LOD 300

Unknown Speaker  2:51:20
I'll ask Susan that question.

Speaker 12  2:51:22
Susie Max. LOD, 300 So Max, at least for architecture, and I assume for me. Pep. Susie, yep,

Speaker 19  2:51:33
you answered my question. You answered the question for me.

Speaker 3  2:51:37
But what DOM just to confirm, but that's the max. But does that mean that everything is

Speaker 12  2:51:45
being modeled that way? Yes, and you know, it means that I'm not modeling like every wire and, you know, individual component, there's still going to be a lot that's covered in a detail, not the full scope. Everything is going to be modeled. So you know, if there's true clash detection, I assume Clayco would need to take our model, and they're when they're doing the development model that would run true clash detection, and Navis works. But to clarify for Clayco, the clash detection that we've been doing up to this point has been very design focused. It hasn't gotten to the level of traditional clash detection that we would do after we issue the unprecedented CDs.

Ryan Hankins  2:52:37
What? What are you do you guys want a fully federated model. Like do you guys have any requirements on what you guys want for

Speaker 14  2:52:45
a handoff? It would be great to have something that we could continue to work off of facility will evolve over the years, pretty significantly, to have that base model that we can take in house and start keeping that up to date as part of it, maybe the process.

Conor Tighe  2:53:06
So I think we just have to go through what the criteria is. I mean, I think it's somewhat standard that we receive an LOD 300 and we complete it through LOD 400 and that's a TBD does the as built model. I don't know what you guys bought from Stantec and others. Yeah, because sometimes you do the lov 500 the as built

Speaker 7  2:53:37
sometimes think we got that in the stage. But let's go and look at the MSA. See who owns that school?

Conor Tighe  2:53:43
Yeah. And then I don't see a lot of asset tagging in these types of facilities, but that's also a discussion.

Speaker 1  2:53:51
Yeah, Jeremy and I probably need a lot amount on what we want to do for

Speaker 7  2:53:58
NASA. The other thing on procurement is operations and maintenance. If you're getting subs and complicated equipment, should probably have a common conversation about, hey, you have a maintenance program for the first three years, or whatever it is that you should just roll into procurement. We just need to make sure. Sometimes, when we get national vendors into Albuquerque, we don't like, I think, TTK, one of the elevators. We don't have maintenance down there, right? So making those quals up

Conor Tighe  2:54:26
front, so no testing problem.

Speaker 7  2:54:28
I don't know who it is, but it's one of them. They're all punches, just to make sure that, you know, you guys have a long term plan. You're likely an outsourcer. Is

Speaker 7  2:54:56
yeah, if there's, if there's custom pieces of equipment and all that affects their everyday stuff.

Conor Tighe  2:55:02
Let's just look up, yeah, I assume you're going to have a somewhat open spec on the elevator.

Ryan Hankins  2:55:09
Well, I mean, they've got these custom things in the pit. Those things

Speaker 7  2:55:12
are custom stuff. So we just need, yeah, it'll be good to get an operational, maintenance procurement. No longer. Elevators are different than the like person.

Ryan Hankins  2:55:23
Yeah, the person of what is required there, yeah, that's right. Dumb Question is, Conor crane is the same as Coney elevators?

Unknown Speaker  2:55:36
They used to be split up. Gotcha. You said, No.

Speaker 12  2:55:42
Tom, yeah, it's not we asked that same question.

Unknown Speaker  2:55:47
Okay, at one point they were but they split up into different divisions.

Unknown Speaker  2:55:51
They broke up, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:55:52
elevators to worry. That's probably

Conor Tighe  2:55:57
for the best. The Yeah,

Ryan Hankins  2:56:05
there was a few other things we wanted to get through this afternoon. We couldn't take a break, or we could do whatever, but risk alignment workshop critical design decisions. I was mainly looking for you guys to help us understand kind of what critical design decisions you guys are looking to make going through our 6030, 6090, day plan, and then estimate alignment, which we need more time for the we yeah, we need more time for estimate alignment. But it's really just to make sure that, like we've set a budget right, wrong or indifferent. Is it going in the way you guys are designing?

Conor Tighe  2:56:43
Is Is there anything that's a low hanging fruit that we can get done in the next 20 minutes? Is there

Unknown Speaker  2:56:51
anything so you guys forecasting baseline? Is there any you should be carrying over that

Unknown Speaker  2:57:07
based on some Erica? Is that maybe a discussion, or do we need a

Speaker 14  2:57:18
bit more time before we Nick and I are at some point that? But we want to make sure that that is that's really mistake, and sometimes No absolutely.

Speaker 3  2:57:31
And I think if you finding the first of next week about

Speaker 9  2:57:37
what we've seen, where we were in baseline, where it's trending, that all put together, because you together

Unknown Speaker  2:57:48
because are you helpful? Are you looking to

Conor Tighe  2:57:50
snap that control estimate based off of the next sort of baseline? Because if you're going to your leadership, I typically find with most clients, once you go to the leadership, that's when we should set, that's what we should type, the control

Ryan Hankins  2:58:10
estimate what level of confidence. What I would say is like, like, today's been super enlightening. Yes, you know, she's looking at the updated drawings. I really think that estimate alignment is a key thing to get through before we go to leadership, just to make sure that, like we're pricing this how you guys are moving forward design, we've seen your 100% we've seen your 50% but we haven't really talked about what lines you're drawing after, yeah, after today.

Speaker 7  2:58:40
So, and from our standpoint, you're helping identifying that, hey, this is not going to make a big difference in pricing. Make that decision now the acoustic and separation incident, those are the kind of things that will help us move forward, because it's like chicken or the egg going around in circles. If you can help us make those decisions and call to schedule, we'd appreciate it. And then we can call,

Speaker 9  2:59:08
yeah, that, I think, is tomorrow, figuring out what what be we can't address and what would you just say, doesn't really matter. And then I think it would be nice to get the updated symbols that's a week away. Really just finalize that price so that, but that, that package first go and then that, let me draft out. Would

Speaker 7  2:59:45
it make sense to keep the off site separate from the onsite, at least, to control the schedule?

Speaker 9  2:59:53
We will break it down, and that's one thing. I'll put together an offer for democracies to make sure that it's in buckets that weren't all in the onsite

Unknown Speaker  3:00:07
discussion, I think, is a bit more discussion from our end, just

Unknown Speaker  3:00:17
texting him to see, I think, for now, really the priority is everything on

Ryan Hankins  3:00:35
site. What I'll say is like, because we walked into today hearing that it was in our scope, I think you have a little bit more uncertainty. We'll assume for right now. It's not until you guys tell us otherwise. So off sites,

Ryan Hankins  3:01:02
under the power lines. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:01:09
that was recently just signed. So basically afterwards,

Speaker 14  3:01:20
and basically the way we're controlling our identity is ensuring that he motivates that by an X amount of things after it's perfect. So he basically has 12 months to get everything into the mission after Friday, probably by then this month, he has 12 months 12 months from that equivalent thing to get those dry vanities in

Unknown Speaker  3:01:59
that conversation as an opportunity for

Conor Tighe  3:02:00
him to work with you guys when you say dry, he is not doing the MV, that's still it's like gas. So true. The MV dumped bank is still the electrical company. Sometimes I these days when I utility, I just think electrical it may be just what's happening out so he's, he's doing gas, water and storm, that's correct.

Conor Tighe  3:02:40
Is he doing also, we'll still be responsible for sweat, I assume,

Ryan Hankins  3:02:46
yeah, we talked about that. We're going to talk to the contractor that's doing all the slip out there.

Conor Tighe  3:02:51
Netflix. Do we have to do a notice to the whatever the New Mexico EPA

Unknown Speaker  3:02:59
is 30 days or whatever.

Unknown Speaker  3:03:00
So we have a 32 process. Can you

Unknown Speaker  3:03:05
probably need construction water to keep the dust low and all that good stuff? So, yeah,

Conor Tighe  3:03:11
I'm just, I'm just thinking for mobilization plan enough.

Ryan Hankins  3:03:18
We need to, we need to work through it. Yeah, does the sites here need to be pre wet? Like, I guess that's a question for they're

Unknown Speaker  3:03:31
not on right now. Yeah, we don't have Mike and Josh on.

Ryan Hankins  3:03:34
That's something we can ask usually, like, I mean, in Phoenix, we pre wet for a couple weeks before we start. I mean, it's, you don't even need a permit. You just go out there and start. Go out there and you start wetting the ground. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  3:03:52
don't know the exact it's, yeah, I mean, the dust control is important, and it's just,

Ryan Hankins  3:04:01
normally, it's for it's not even for dust control. It's for production rates like, it's just hard to get the production if the ground is not wet in any because it's a stone,

Conor Tighe  3:04:11
yeah, basically dry as a bone. I fish. So plenty of the difference, right?

Ryan Hankins  3:04:25
Tell you what. That's the least thing we have to worry about we're doing.

Speaker 3  3:04:33
What the water restrictions are for, like during construction, to be able to, yeah, I don't know. I used to ask bhi if they I'm not sure bhi knows what the requirements are. I don't know.

Ryan Hankins  3:04:49
We've dealt with so much worse conditions than we're dealing with, right? Just, just talk to

Conor Tighe  3:04:55
the minor team. They have all of it already.

Ryan Hankins  3:04:58
I mean, they had to run a water line to the job site, get water rights.

Unknown Speaker  3:05:08
So we won't have to do that

Unknown Speaker  3:05:13
somebody's water tank. Yeah, sneak out the middle of the night. I it. Yeah,

Speaker 3  3:05:28
I'm wondering, and I'll just throw it out there. But since we do have Susie on and Frank is here, we don't have Josh and Mike on, but if it makes sense to talk about the critical design items now, just or we have time we can. I mean, I'm just trying to figure out how to make sure that we, otherwise people can come back off. But I want to, I don't want to take advantage now that we have at least a couple of the major disciplines represented to see not to throw it on you guys, Susie and Frank and Dom

Unknown Speaker  3:06:07
No We. I think we

Speaker 3  3:06:08
appreciate that. Yeah, I just kind of move it forward so that, since you guys are here right now. But is that okay?

Ryan Hankins  3:06:15
Yeah, I mean, just the thought behind that was, we want to know what you guys are worried about. We want to know what's holding you guys up? We want to know what you guys want cost feedback on. We want to know whatever we can do to help you be more efficient, or to help you with making decisions.

Conor Tighe  3:06:33
So an example, just as an example, we know that sometimes there's going to be decisions. You know, within the design team of we have these four options. We don't know quite yet what the end use case is, and we then have to evaluate cost and schedule impact.

Speaker 19  3:06:56
Recently, I've got a short list in my mind, on the electrical side, I think there's a number of things on the campus, and I can pull those folks into the call as well, if need be kind of our short list, starting in the service yard, and I don't Want to bore this group, I could, I could maybe put some drawings up, but I think maybe just to get some items out there verbally, we have, you know, we're taking service at Pep 12 KB, PNM has a standard meter box, which is kind of unusual. And then we have a we have 15 KV gear lineup that feeds for PAD mounted transformers. And some of our options are, instead of the 15 KV KV lineup, 12, 470, power, we could look at a pad mounted type switch, device, multi, multi switch, pad mounted switch. Or where the lineup we have right now and and which one is more cost effective. I think what we have right now is is decently cost effective, but it's easier to maintain. Maintenance is easier. And then we're feeding four different four pack out transformers that go from 1212, or 70 down to 480 blue. And those transformers are sized at 3750, so I think we've got the most cost effective here. But I'd like to get feedback from your estimators, and I'm open, definitely open, those transformers, 84 or 5000 amp services. 5000 amps is the largest, largest size. You know it's the largest. It's not a puzzle. And then at the 480 we have a main timing configuration, meaning you could do maintenance on one year in a low situation, and you could feed, like if you needed to maintain the transformer, the a transformer, you could feed the a board to the B transformer in this concealer. But I put the May time Ben set up on the be list, because it's, it's a it's a maintenance it facilitates maintenance and ship and helps we shut down so those kind of things. So it's about going through our single eye diagram, which I'm not going to do fully, always call because it's right before lunch. And that would be cool, but we'll go through my questions are Pat, meta transformer, the most, most effective versus there's, there's right. There are other tunnels. And then once we get into the orange so we're going underground with our big feeders from the leaves, which we rom into the right inside the wall because of the pulse, the electromagnetic pulse. We're once we get into the building, we want to come up, yeah, that drawing is not great. But once we once we come up into the R and D, we're going up the wall in rigid steel and then stopping at a cable tap box. And then my ideas in phase two we bus play would be run over the platform and down columns to switch gear. That's phase that's provided in phase two. So looking at that distribution system and determining, from a couple, from costs and then from future feasibility, what's the right combo, rigid seal conduit and

Conor Tighe  3:11:35
a right bus way? Yeah, was, was there? Was there a use case for the need of the bus way,

Speaker 19  3:11:45
not really, because it could be conduit, not going back and forth on it. We're going we have pretty 4000 amps the bus ways is really only from a compact, compaction, compactness and trying to thread down the narrow area that would be available, not in the crane pathway, okay? There's also a future flexibility to be able to tap into it, yeah, in this case, that's right, Cory, but in this case, busway, we were moving away from plug in busway and just using it to go to a switchboard. And the switchboard on the platform has that flexibility, and I'll have spare break points. But the reason I moved away from the plug in busway is I played thumbs up. It was okay from Etsy group, but it wasn't really confident. And with plug and bus, we have these openings that might be susceptible from the GMP, and I'm not 100% more. Okay, excuse me. Oh, sorry. I was just asking Jerry,

Unknown Speaker  3:13:00
yeah, it could be bus play could be gone. It doesn't either

Conor Tighe  3:13:02
way is fine, because if you're going into a panel board below it, hard type that

Speaker 17  3:13:11
end up running 482 away and plus, yeah, pull off and go to each one of our racks. Now we're kind of changing that to some degree. So exactly, not too concerned on the

Conor Tighe  3:13:22
exact so your conduit must wait, flexible, okay, perfect.

Speaker 19  3:13:30
So, so those are the kinds of design decisions that were. We continue to develop and find concerns with or some work better than others, but having having multiple people looking at it with with costs will really help resolve these issues understood.

Conor Tighe  3:13:58
Are there areas of the facility that can be down while electrical is servicing, because there is a cost to creating that sort of redundancy between the panel boards, because you're just doing a lot more interior wiring. Because a way to maybe value engineer is to say, here's the critical areas that we always need up, right? We're more willing to have these areas down. This is something

Speaker 17  3:14:25
that I regularly battle. And so included in this design, we didn't really have any areas for any extended duration of the time. We can take down some lows, do some low shedding. But it was constantly okay.

Conor Tighe  3:14:47
So that may not be an opportunity, because it's never want to value engineer something or make a design decisional

Unknown Speaker  3:14:56
impacts down the road, and if it's you, one that packs down the road. And if it's, I'm

Speaker 17  3:15:03
gonna make them an extreme number to cost us $50 million now I wouldn't do but I'm assuming it's, it's not that

Speaker 19  3:15:10
much, 200k or something. Yeah, main time, main is probably at the 5000 amps, is probably maybe 200k I was gonna say 150 but it's probably higher use of 5000

Speaker 17  3:15:29
operationally, if that saves us hours down the road, that's a huge impact.

Conor Tighe  3:15:39
The utility is not giving you dual service, right?

Speaker 19  3:15:43
No, it's really there's not there. There could be in the future, but not right at

Conor Tighe  3:15:58
the moment. Have your the other I'm just going through the list of things I've seen on these types of facilities, as your as your shutdown sequence, Ben sort of size to your overall generator loads like because sometimes people over estimate what they actually need to be up for. Shut down.

Speaker 17  3:16:19
That's one exercise that I still need to go through a red Max nine. We offer all of our E power loads and verify the bare

Speaker 19  3:16:30
minimums on the generator, but the generator is appropriately sized for what we need. Yeah, we're pretty wise on the generators. It's only 600

Conor Tighe  3:16:37
KW because generators i You didn't have it on the long lead list. It needs to be evaluated because, depending whatever we add a half gigawatt, yeah, very big generator. That's great. Just run it on generator at the entire generator the entire time. Just fill up with diesel. Those can be long lead if they sort of step into the mission critical world. So it's we sort of have to highlight that,

Speaker 19  3:17:15
yeah, and let's talk through that we've got that we've got no life safety loads on that generator as well. So let's look at schedule. We got the E residing or the facility on the generator.

Conor Tighe  3:17:35
So the other thing you may want to look at, if we talked about that path, is, I've seen late design decisions because process needs to be have a longer shutdown sequencing, requiring a generator upsize that then becomes problematic downstream. So when we talk about design decisions, it's like making sure that that's somewhat locked in, because the worst thing that can happen is, as you go through your processes, fit out engineering

Speaker 17  3:18:10
like whoops, yeah. Did consider that we do have multiple contingencies in place based upon what our previous experience in this environment has been so think we've got that covered within this sizing, but we'll be able to go

Unknown Speaker  3:18:34
down services, change the fees at all.

Conor Tighe  3:18:36
I think the last one that I've seen to screw people up is the UPS strategy, because it has, it has downstream impacts on fire code and,

Unknown Speaker  3:18:52
yeah, so that one is another One sore spot coming from that too, that we are coming

Speaker 17  3:19:01
from there too, that we are designing around to improve within this building. So no large UPS is understandable locally within the subsystems, but the

Speaker 19  3:19:14
dependency on the GPS is okay and whatever, we had two large UPS planned, and now we have $0 only had

Unknown Speaker  3:19:27
zero i It's,

Conor Tighe  3:19:30
it's amazing the ripple impact it has, let alone trying to get it. Well, there's, there's that problem, but then there's everything else that sort of is impacted because

Speaker 19  3:19:42
of it. Okay, we do need to make sure that we've got ups, whether it's equipment provided, ups that we have critical systems up and running where needed in a long battery situation, yeah.

Speaker 17  3:20:03
Facps battery built in. Same thing, generally days to do free or maintenance exchange batteries, and then the other safety systems will keep controls up with local ABCs, same

Conor Tighe  3:20:21
thing. The other things we've seen is, like, just reevaluating the chiller capacity based off of heat rejection. We've seen that be really off and driven by the process side chillers are going to be ordered relatively quickly. So I would just say, like, double checking the map, there is a critical sort of design,

Ryan Hankins  3:20:45
diversity, yeah, diversity assumptions are also a big one. We in these types of projects, we see like 80 100% all the time, yeah, and it's never that.

Speaker 17  3:20:57
So I did go through that exercise and take all of our loads distributed throughout a typical day when they would be on at the hour, resolution to provide that guidance and information.

Ryan Hankins  3:21:09
And not only for power, but for, you know, cool, chill water, for compressed air, for everything.

Speaker 19  3:21:16
Yeah, we're, we're focused on that, the compressed air wall we've been talking about. I think we haven't rolled that ground yet, but we're working on that, and then on the Send AWS. I want to make sure that we've got the right air flow in the send AWS room and have the right diversity.

Ryan Hankins  3:21:38
One thing that's we've seen successful is doing holding tanks. If you do holding tanks like near critical pieces of equipment, you can sometimes reduce your your size of not only your compressor, compressor dryer, and then also your your your trunk line. And so that can sometimes be a helpful

Speaker 19  3:22:00
you're talking about on the compressed air side, right?

Unknown Speaker  3:22:07
Oh, jeez, sorry,

Conor Tighe  3:22:12
sorry, Susie,

Speaker 19  3:22:15
I was just on the tank. Was it for compressed air? Was it for children?

Ryan Hankins  3:22:21
For compressor,

Conor Tighe  3:22:24
I've seen a thermal storage tank and search tanks utilized on the water side too. We're using a lot of

Speaker 19  3:22:32
we're doing a lot of larger electrification projects, and we're doing a lot of thermal storage. Yeah, I don't, I don't think we're doing a lot of it here, but I need to talk to it. So let me get asked.

Conor Tighe  3:22:51
We'll just tie into their big water tank. We'll just

Ryan Hankins  3:22:59
use that. Susie, well, Susie, one thing I think I've been really trying to get my head wrapped around is like the EMI as well as the grounding strategy. Could you walk us through that?

Speaker 19  3:23:17
Yeah, I can walk you guys through it. Essentially it starts the r, d space when there is a pulse, because you've got this intense, very short duration of energy being discharged, you have essentially a electromagnetic pulse, which almond commonly known as lightning. You have serious discharge of energy. So we've got a couple things. We've got, we've got, what's a ground ring around the building, and traditional like outside lightning type ground ring around the building, and lightning protection system is tied into that. But then under the entire R and D space, we have a grid of driven ground rods. Right now, they're specified as at 30 feet in length. Typical ground rod is 10 feet in length, so it's a and those are 12 feet on center. And Rivian it to the earth, and then we have in the slab. And the slab has a lot of elevation changes, as you guys know, but in the slab, in the concrete, we have a copper conductor, grounding grid, intersecting grid, and that is in the concrete, and that ties to the ground rots. That is little to the ground rods, but the grid sits in the concrete, kind of a book, kind of at the top of the remark, and then, and then, there are pigtails that come out of the slab in various locations that bond the metal equipment, the metal structure, bomb, the tank, the IMG structure, anything metal is bonded to the ground. So the idea is, if there's when there's this discharge of energy as an electromagnetic pulse, that that those those electrons, that energy, it's intended to go straight to the to the ground grid and get dissipated in the ground as quickly as possible. That's why you have so many intersections, so many connections, so many places for those electrons to get to. Does that

Ryan Hankins  3:26:07
make sense? Yeah, so the envelope itself isn't necessarily like a whole, like the slab is not a barrier. So the slab and the walls and the structure is not a barrier, so to speak. It's just the grounding system. Pretty much it's just

Unknown Speaker  3:26:25
a grounding system. It's not shielded, okay, or a cage yet,

Speaker 3  3:26:33
I think that there is shielding that's going to be considered in the future, on the ex, the inside face of the exterior walls of that entire but that's enough future phase,

Speaker 17  3:26:44
or ensuring the walls can support she'll need a performer for

Speaker 7  3:26:53
the design we're working on, the bridging phase and a phase two machine install. Some of these questions are being discussed in the same constructible constructability standpoint, if something comes in, let the folks know, so that we can let those things out. Like going back to this particular item, I think Frank brought up a good point this. There's another structural item that's a BJ item at this point to change the rebar to helix and so that may affect all of this design?

Unknown Speaker  3:27:24
No, yeah, I'm curious myself how that would

Speaker 14  3:27:30
impact we definitely don't want to suggest that there's opportunity in that. There's opportunity laboratory space, if we have consistent rain bar through the perimeter, I think maybe that's one question for Susie. But if we have that connection, or those ties throughout the perimeter of the facility, at those ground a rod locations, could we still use the interior mass lab I think a 10 inch mass lab on the admin side. Could we, we add helix? I don't know that we would completely eliminate rebar. We would just reduce rebar. There's still an opportunity to eventually tie in.

Unknown Speaker  3:28:23
On opportunity. Susie, if we just provided rebar at the spots where the ground engagements, that still saves us the ANU be able

Speaker 14  3:28:42
to tie I still have to run it down a few lakes as a multi disciplinary conversation to see what can work. But I'm optimistic we could still maintain the system, EMI system, by keeping

Speaker 7  3:28:58
so this would be a good question where you can put input in to say, like, hey, what's the magnitude of savings here? Yes, how much have because that affects the foundation package. If you want to get that data, like, how much do we design? How much savings do we get?

Ryan Hankins  3:29:14
Well, what I did was in the VE log. I don't know if you guys saw my legend and columns that I added. But there's like, there's like, one arrow, there's two arrows, three arrows, and it talks about many, many, some, and then a few. And basically, the the ones that only have one are, you need a lot in order to get to your 10 million savings. If there's two, it's we need, we need some. I don't you know, it's somewhere between 10 and 50. And then for the ones that have three, it's like only a couple of these will add up to that 10 million. So just to help us prioritize time and whatnot, I do think that like that one's a good one, that one's an easy one to save some money on that, as long as, as long as structurally, we're okay with it, and electrically. I was thinking, at a minimum, in the cub and in the in the Admin Building. I was always a little kind of skeptical about the R D building. I don't feel like, you know, saving a couple dollars in there is probably worth it. But, yeah, I'm a

Ryan Hankins  3:30:30
pretty big proponent of this R and D space. You guys probably want flexibility, and saving a couple dollars in the R and D space probably isn't worth it in the long run? Admin lab, yeah, let's save some dollars. There's money to be saved there. Cub, there's money to be saved there. R and D. Think it's going to be a little bit more tough.

Speaker 7  3:30:51
And the other point is, like that affects the quest package, that affects schedule, so that's where we need to be careful about how much of E work do these guys need to do to get so when you put a single x, does that mean, can I take it to say, like, hey, it's, it's a six figure

Ryan Hankins  3:31:10
savings or seven, probably, it's probably less than it's probably six, probably Low sixes. Okay, maybe, maybe five to low six, the one arrow, okay, yeah, so, I mean, that's where I think

Unknown Speaker  3:31:29
that's where we need to make the calls,

Ryan Hankins  3:31:34
yeah, two is probably, I don't know, in the in the low to high six figures, and then anything above in the three the three category is probably million and above. So that's good to know.

Speaker 1  3:31:50
You guys want to go over Dominic. Put a bunch of items in the chat. You want to go over that now? Or after a

Speaker 7  3:31:57
bunch, Shall we finish with Susie first? Is Susie done? Or I

Unknown Speaker  3:32:03
think you have some more items on the VE list. Yes, with regards to grounding,

Speaker 19  3:32:13
I had just some suggestions of any kinds of kind of a soil treatment to try to reduce some of the grounding world links, and I got some suggestions of some of the treatment material. It'd be good for folks who have a lot of Albuquerque experience, if they've got anything in addition that they can share, sorry, reducing some of the cost of the revenue system.

Speaker 7  3:32:49
So conductivity, enhancers, yeah,

Speaker 19  3:32:54
enhancers in the soil, there's or we can look at some kind of Yeah, chemical type.

Speaker 7  3:32:59
This is one of those conversations we can have a geomet and geo peer. When we have that conversation with geomat and your peer, I think we should get you in a section, Susie, to make sure that we talk about it. If there's value in double dipping.

Speaker 19  3:33:19
And then I don't have the read list in front of me, but we can talk more about it tomorrow, but we had a number of items on mechanical side as well. Talk about, I think one of the three arrows,

Speaker 14  3:33:30
million dollar impact, seven figure impact Clayco came up

Speaker 14  3:33:40
with was discussing our HVAC strategy and moving away from a centralized system and having independent, going back to our original design, Suzy,

Speaker 19  3:33:55
and having independently split systems. Yeah, yeah. We talked briefly about that on on our Thursday call, I think, or we had the first time we had Clayco in the same conversation with that, or the Myers Plus post, we went from the standard rooftop RTU solution to we have now, which is a central Chile plant and air handling unit. We migrated to that because the processed chill water load started to become a driver, and we were creating a chili plant for the processed chilled water. And so in developing that plant, it was seemingly, seemingly more cost effective to add capacity to that plant and then shift to air handling units that get children water. So I think I know costs a lot, but it'd be good to just talk through the cost comparison given the process water. That's a good point.

Speaker 14  3:35:17
Susie, maybe it's maybe that's just kind of better defining something, and optic Clayco just better defining, well how, what is the new size of small water plants without that HVAC load, we still have two

Speaker 19  3:35:33
systems, yep, size of the size of the process to the plant, size of What the rooftop your hammer units would need to be, and then comparing against the size of the larger central plant plus BH

Ryan Hankins  3:35:53
use, then taking it one step farther, understanding what the what the largest load producers are for That chilled water system. And can we do a centralized or point of use thermal, if that makes sense, or if it

Speaker 19  3:36:07
doesn't bring down that size? Yeah, I'm Pat of I'm I get over my handle horizon, I can have,

Speaker 19  3:36:22
we Wayne or ask her join this conversation if there's a good brief point this afternoon,

Unknown Speaker  3:36:29
or should we talk about it Tomorrow during the time I'm just, I was just

Speaker 19  3:36:42
go. I just didn't want to miss this meeting, so I jumped in. You don't have to create an agenda around me.

Speaker 7  3:36:52
These are good examples, because this was what you were talking about. Like, hey, how do we move how do we move things forward? Yeah, right. So this is why, no,

Speaker 19  3:37:03
there's a number of large numbers on Clayco lists. So we should, we should talk through them in detail and actually get the date. Actually price price them, if possible, or we rom price them and determine what's what's, what is important to drill down in. I saw that. Well, I'll let Wayne pastor the natural gas RTU option on their list as well.

Unknown Speaker  3:37:41
Are they still recovering from seeing their comment?

Speaker 19  3:37:53
We don't. We currently don't have natural gas going to this building.

Speaker 14  3:37:57
We don't. I did chat with Mike about this. My biggest concern is, schedule and reopening entitlements in California, natural gas going to our site is all pharmacy, blood to your entitlements. It's just something we would have to plan for and work something.

Speaker 7  3:38:32
Gas Company, just like the water conditions, is close by, because those things that's the problem. It takes time to in the

Unknown Speaker  3:38:40
main road, I'm pretty sure. Yeah, gas is right there. It's available.

Unknown Speaker  3:38:53
I always get started off some stuff.

Unknown Speaker  3:38:55
That's what I was like, let's not put it in our schedule.

Ryan Hankins  3:39:00
And I mean, there's other options if gas is an option. So I mean, I think we just need to talk. But to that point, to that point, though, all these decisions we're making are critical to getting design completed. So we can go start buying some of this equipment,

Speaker 10  3:39:20
you know? So, yeah, we need to make these decisions really quickly.

Ryan Hankins  3:39:25
That's why, that's why I did that those columns in there with the arrows, so that we can have con like, some concept of cost and schedule, so that once we have like, a decision, like, we can have Erica go just price everything we want her to price and confirm the total value of savings we actually realized.

Speaker 7  3:39:47
And just as a rule of thumb, from our side, I think what we're trying to tell our engineers, just to be fully transparent, is that if there's a typical design change, you know, put your time to make that design change, but also also incorporate, like, a two week for the rest of the team to catch up. So it becomes a it becomes a snowball deal, and this is where we need to be careful about how much does it pick schedule and how much of a game, absolutely right? So that everything's on the table. There might be some things that are not that, but if you're using a rule of thumb. That's what we'd like to use. You know how much time it takes, time to do stuff, plus a two week for everybody else to catch up, so that you're getting complete information and it's not getting left out, and then you're having to face it on feedback. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  3:40:41
Want to go over anything else now, or

Unknown Speaker  3:40:44
let's break the one up to you guys,

Unknown Speaker  3:40:48
take a break and start jump into it after lunch. Yeah. Well, online will

Ryan Hankins  3:41:04
drop off. You're literally right in the strike zone. I think I am

Unknown Speaker  3:41:08
too, yeah, but with both,

Unknown Speaker  3:41:15
can you guys feel it over there?

Ryan Hankins  3:41:16
I can like, I think I'm in the strike zone.

Unknown Speaker  3:41:33
Yeah, yeah, we're I would rather be cold. I'd rather be cold. There's no way

Unknown Speaker  3:41:49
you can possibly have a different

Unknown Speaker  3:41:55
perspective on that. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  3:41:57
genuinely don't understand.

Speaker 9  3:41:59
But it's not cool down at night, when it's 95 at like 10pm and midnight, you're like,

Speaker 6  3:42:11
yeah, in the middle of summer, it's still like, four dogs, they're going into

Speaker 9  3:42:17
like lockdown now, like in The summer I have my dog is so averse and

Speaker 4  3:42:28
converse, he just goes literally so

Unknown Speaker  3:42:46
it I can get

Unknown Speaker  3:43:00
you a list of what Skill service, and then on the other side,

Speaker 5  3:43:22
I even if we were just to go orders,

Ryan Hankins  3:43:50
school, I want

Ryan Hankins  3:44:02
to say, like the like the biggest thing,

Ryan Hankins  3:44:33
so part of this also the size Do

Unknown Speaker  3:44:45
we have an opportunity to change those? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:45:00
do we have

Speaker 5  3:45:10
the opportunity? Dave, I was surprised.

Speaker 20  3:45:29
No, I, I didn't know I. I thought it was gonna be normal.

Unknown Speaker  3:45:35
Oh, no. People always get confused about California.

Speaker 6  3:45:38
My Uber was out front, and I checked the temperature, I'm like, Oh, I better grab the jacket. So I grabbed the one closest to me.

Unknown Speaker  3:45:46
I thought you were just baiting people.

Speaker 3  3:45:49
No, I don't know what that means is that, are they from? They're not from here, and people don't like the Seahawks, I guess. Yeah. Oh, rivalry.

Unknown Speaker  3:46:07
It's not like I'm a big football fan, but I

Speaker 3  3:46:09
know that much I did not know that much that was news to me. Okay,

Speaker 16  3:46:22
palette. Yeah, I got salmon

Speaker 9  3:46:34
salad. I got a salmon salad too. That's like,

Speaker 3  3:46:42
I'll normally get salmon if it's on a menu, yeah, I'll definitely get it. Yeah, I just enjoy salmon. Yeah.

Speaker 9  3:47:01
I have not but Conor went, was like, super excited about it

Speaker 3  3:47:05
when he saw, yeah, barely, it must be very good, yeah. And the Tish loves that. I want. Well, there's, there's a big stack

Unknown Speaker  3:47:14
of cups right next to it, just, I know, but you

Unknown Speaker  3:47:17
still just experience it. Natish,

Unknown Speaker  3:47:22
I my this

Speaker 3  3:47:31
is outside, but it's probably warmer outside. I just enjoy being outside, and this space is so loud And I have a hard time in here. This

Speaker 5  3:48:02
is very, peppery.

Unknown Speaker  3:48:22
How? Peppery, Oh, No. It.

Unknown Speaker  3:49:02
I don't post outside, if that's not working, but how is it? You?

Speaker 5  3:49:42
Resources so actually,

Ryan Hankins  3:49:48
it's a great question. I don't think definitely takes the

Unknown Speaker  3:50:08
much. I just, I wanted to do it itself like five times, yeah?

Unknown Speaker  3:50:24
But as long as it's always such a

Unknown Speaker  3:50:29
simple scope, and

Speaker 7  3:50:32
I don't you know, the problem with those things is that nobody ever pushes it and so it just sits in some piece, yeah, we put a time requirement on it. I know that

Speaker 1  3:50:47
there's this is we went back and forth. The reason meta Del Sol remember is they are doing the work for us because they will get reimbursed from the tip, and we cannot, they have to. So that's, that's but then we control your how

Unknown Speaker  3:51:09
to put timing on it,

Speaker 1  3:51:15
yeah, and then, at least we have control over what's in the scope with no little

Speaker 7  3:51:26
kids, yeah, exactly. We once had full power for three miles. Each one

Speaker 20  3:51:36
of those poles have to be anything, just a chicken rice. I I

Unknown Speaker  3:51:47
never know. Yeah, realizes what I ordered. Pretty good. Oh, wow. What is that? Well, it's like the

Speaker 1  3:51:56
bulgogi, so like the beef. I thought I ordered it in a bowl, but apparently I ordered it In burger Cory. They're like fried little rice, so messy.

Speaker 1  3:52:29
We will look away. You enjoy that you're just making us feel jealous. I know I'm like Alex, wrong choice, but turned out All right. I students.

Speaker 18  3:52:57
Saw yesterday we could go listen. Right? You

Speaker 9  3:53:22
got to sorry for tomorrow, I just want to confirm times for mechanical is from one to two, and plumbing is from 230 to three. Is that correct?

Unknown Speaker  3:53:39
That was correct.

Speaker 5  3:53:42
This hands. I just want to make sure I'm getting my my team.

Ryan Hankins  3:54:02
We're all San Francisco. I don't know if we're all on the same flight now. Yeah. TT is big, okay, ours is at 515 that must have been kind of fun, though. Yeah. Kind of fun,

Unknown Speaker  3:54:29
though. Okay, so I'm telling by

Unknown Speaker  3:54:36
sounds good, yeah, my flight departs at 501,

Ryan Hankins  3:54:40
okay, so you're before us. Oh yeah, I was gonna ask, could I get on a five o'clock flight tomorrow? Cuz I was on the eight o'clock but I'm happy to go

Speaker 9  3:54:56
home earlier. Yeah, I'm just trying to coordinate with MEP guys And so

Unknown Speaker  3:55:04
perfect. Love it.

Unknown Speaker  3:55:14
Yes, yes, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  3:55:22
I yeah, get out of here. Listen, preferred,

Unknown Speaker  3:55:30
yeah, for some reason,

Unknown Speaker  3:55:34
if it is you have a stop

Speaker 1  3:55:40
like yeah, Albuquerque, it's like, one flight a day out of Oakland. That's it. That's correct. And as I both have the United Flight though, the

Unknown Speaker  3:55:59
one tomorrow, five o'clock. That's

Ryan Hankins  3:56:02
there is still a flight 515 That's Thursday. 515 Yeah,

Speaker 9  3:56:22
and you're gonna be otherwise you'd be here, you'd be so drunk by the time you got home, because what else is there to do but airport drink? I do like a good airport drink. I love a good airport cocktail. It could be 2am it could be 5am it could be four in the afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  3:56:38
There's no time. There's it's five o'clock

Unknown Speaker  3:56:41
all the time. Yeah, it's so great.

Ryan Hankins  3:56:44
When you're done with that, I'm good. It's not full, by the way. Oh, good jokes on you.

Unknown Speaker  3:57:01
What's up? I have Lulu set up a

Speaker 9  3:57:09
internal precon kick off meeting for next Tuesday, so when I get back to Mart on Friday, she and I are going to sit down and map everything out. Start with, like, precon spend those responsibilities, what everybody's doing. Like, I want to be very disciplined in this so I don't have a bunch of bodies burn in time

Unknown Speaker  3:57:31
that'd be appreciated.

Speaker 9  3:57:33
Yeah. So I'm like, I'm telling her, like, that's the top priority is, like, we're managing this. And I have a whole dashboard that I created anyways for tracking precon costs that I'm trying to add on Friday. But so we're gonna talk through that, and then to talk through the deliverables. So I'm gonna start mapping out why we're doing this kind of the deliverable schedule. Rebecca showed her schedule up on the screen.

Ryan Hankins  3:57:55
I have it. Can you send that to me? I sent it in our email. In our email, yeah, and the one I sent,

Speaker 9  3:58:04
yeah, oh, is it in there? Okay, it's a PDF, yeah, okay, okay, I can send

Unknown Speaker  3:58:08
you the Microsoft Project. And I figured, no, no,

Speaker 9  3:58:11
I don't want your latest okay, then I will. I put together an outline for that. So you're going to start seeing some meetings coming from us still. From us after tomorrow's ve I think we need to sit down with JV Henderson, conversation about costs with them and what we need them to give us right away, based on what comes out of tomorrow, and the same with like Franklin. What's going to get interesting with the whole off sites and Guzman, because that's Steven, that Steve. He owns Guzman. He does, yes.

Unknown Speaker  3:58:53
So there's going to be a little, it's going to get a little political. Could be he's gonna position to have good

Ryan Hankins  3:59:05
well, he owns it. So, yeah, that sucks. So I

Speaker 9  3:59:10
just want to keep you abreast of that. But I would like to sit down, once we get those drawings from them at the end of the week, to sit down and review those and go over it with

Unknown Speaker  3:59:21
Franklin. I feel terrible.

Unknown Speaker  3:59:25
Why do you feel terrible? How are we supposed to know? Oh, Franklin's told us. They told us, but he said they're gonna play games. So get ready. Just shitty. But the end of the day. Hire. Who you hire, we'll be all right,

Unknown Speaker  3:59:50
this is supposed to go on.

Speaker 9  3:59:53
I don't know what is odd, mayonnaise. Did you taste it before you dumped? No, that's risky.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai