Speaker 1  00:00
Amber Martinez, senior designer out of the Albuquerque office with Stan tech.

Speaker 2  00:11
The list keeps shifting places. I'm trying to read it, but Mike

Speaker 1  00:17
morning, Houston is still watching. You're here,

Speaker 2  00:22
and then I'll hand it over to you. Cory, to introduce to your team, everybody.

Speaker 3  00:27
Courtney Richardson, infrastructure lead with Pacific fusion. I'll pass it off to Nick everyone.

Speaker 4  00:33
Nick Rivera, construction manager with Pacific fusion, and I'll hand it off to you. Chris Clayco

Speaker 5  00:41
Chris Tinney, project director with Clayco will be the general contractor onsite.

Ryan Hankins  00:49
Ryan Hankins, with Clayco Project executive,

Unknown Speaker  00:58
are we missing anybody? Did we get him. Oh, looks like everybody, awesome.

Speaker 2  01:06
Well, thank you to the city of Albuquerque. We really appreciate having this chance to meet with you all. So I sent out, is it okay, James, if I just go through the list that I sent, sure, absolutely okay. There were several items that we wanted to cover, and we have some questions. So I think let's get as far along the list as we can in particular. So I wanted to start with our our permit submission schedule that we've locked in with the with the team. So we are aiming to have an early foundation and underground utilities package submitted to you all by May 11, which is right around the corner, and then the remainder of the building is going to be submitted on June 16 for review. I know at one point we had talked about having like a separate core shell antenna interior permit package, but we've decided to combine those into one package. So I just kind of wanted to review in our previous conversation, what we had talked about and what you all had mentioned is that you could anticipate having three weeks for your initial review, and then subsequent reviews could happen in a few days after comments are uploaded. And I kind of, I just wanted to see, does that still seem like that's going to work for our schedule? We're holding a total of six weeks to complete the permit review process with you, including us addressing comments and you doing follow up reviews. Does that seem like that is feasible. We'd really like that to be our schedule, if possible.

Speaker 5  02:44
Yeah, that's doable, and we'll make sure that happens. But when you just go back to the early Foundation, one a going to be another form to fill out when you do a foundational so I can get that form to you. There's a commercial Foundation, a form that needs to be filled out, because at that point, when you're in foundation only, it's kind of like you're taking the project at risk when you bring the foundation only by itself. So we, we need to have that form filled out one second, I guess. Angelo, you you

Speaker 3  03:46
i Rebecca, we can put it at the end of this agenda, but I would like to come back to the plan submittal and talk through that with j if we have time at the end of the meeting. Yeah, absolutely

Speaker 5  04:00
sorry about that. So, yeah, it's just gonna be an additional form that's filled out with a foundational other than that. No problems the forms. No big deal. We just got to have it in place, okay?

Speaker 2  04:11
And just, can I ask a quick question about that? So you said you'll send that over to us so that we can be reviewing it and prepping it. Is I what I think is that this upload, the submission for this early foundation for both packages, can happen through the ABQ plan, correct website. Okay, great, including uploading that additional form. Yes, okay, all of that will happen. Yep.

Speaker 5  04:42
Pipes are good on our side. Just always keep myself and Litton in the loop when subsequent reviews come through, so we're aware that hit the queue, so I can make sure that our reviewers get it and start reviewing the video.

Speaker 2  05:00
Lisa, okay, and I do you like, are the people on the call the reviewers that we're going to have, and will we have the same reviewer assigned to the project throughout these reviews? Or how do you know how that will work so

Speaker 5  05:16
the reviewers aren't on the call, but yes, once they get assigned, and I'll do that. That's why I need to know, so I can make sure the assignments are in place, and then thereafter, yes, they will review the project all the way. Okay, yes, the system make the system tags them so that it automatically reassigns it back to them when it comes back, the only corrections.

Speaker 2  05:40
So, okay, nice. Thank you. Okay, so I think maybe I'll go to some of my questions, and then I can do a flip through the drawings. Well, I don't know what the best thing to do is, but I had said I'll do it a little brief overview, kind of showing you where we're at with our DD drawings. But I want to get to some of these questions that I am that are going to definitely affect our early package. And so let me just go to that. So for the early foundation package, what type of code information, if any, do you need for that package? Are you anticipating receiving any and we're planning to have, like, life safety included in our in our June 16, the remainder of the building package, not the foundation package, but I just wanted to find that

Speaker 5  06:32
out the foundation package would require all the underground and just the site plan and basically your details for the foundation is pretty simple. Absolutely, we have the form because we're not asking for everything at that point.

Speaker 2  06:48
Okay, that's great. That's what our assumption was. So good.

Speaker 1  06:55
That form is, it's filled up by the AE team of clay codes. It's the freshman energy James, the contractor.

Speaker 5  07:01
Yes, who's ever submitting? Basically, okay, it has the art owner, architect and contractor on the signature. All right, so we have all get ahead of that. Thanks.

Speaker 2  07:16
Okay, thank you. So the next question I have is we are looking at having geo peer ground improvement design as part of the foundation of the project, and our plan is to have that ground designed as a deferred submittal after the early foundation package is submitted for permit review. And we just want to confirm that that's going to work for for you all at the permitting office,

Unknown Speaker  07:47
that would probably have to refer that to J What?

Unknown Speaker  07:52
What's the submittal for?

Speaker 2  07:55
So essentially, there's going to be some like, well, they're called geo peers, but it's ground improvement, like, here Pierce essentially, but made out of gravel. So it's just to stabilize the sub grade below the foundation. And so that's the it's yes, so that design is happening concurrently, and we anticipate, in two to three weeks after the permit is submitted for review, that we will have that deferred submittal available, and we can that's a deferred submittal, but we just wanted to confirm with you all that you can begin the review without having that at the same time. Is it

Unknown Speaker  08:44
some type of stabilization for the foundation?

Speaker 6  08:50
Yeah, that's right. Deborah, it's a proprietary system that will be procured by the general contractor, and it'll be part of the foundation installation, but it's essentially a ground improvement, ground stabilization system, right?

Speaker 7  09:05
So any peers or anything that happened before we have to, we have to look at that before you work

Speaker 2  09:13
in I guess that's my question. So it'll within two to three weeks. So if we submit on the 11th of May, within two to three weeks, we would have that so within the six week time frame where before we pull the permit, I That's the intention would be that you all would have that as a deferred submit all prior to issuing the permit,

Unknown Speaker  09:35
doing Foundation, because foundation, so yeah,

Speaker 2  09:41
prior to issue that, that early foundation permit, okay,

Speaker 3  09:45
let's, let's throw some dates at it, just so everybody, let's, there's some days. So we're, we would be issuing may 11 for the foundation. Latest would be June 1. I believe Rebecca, you and I,

Unknown Speaker  09:57
that's what we talked about last night.

Speaker 3  09:59
Yeah. Latest would be. Be June 1. We're going to shoot for the two weeks instead of the three weeks. So June 1 we would send in the concrete Pierce geo pier, defer to the middle. We are looking at breaking ground in early July. So just just to give you guys an understanding of how we're trying to navigate the execution of the project, I believe that may give you guys enough time based on the three week review cycle, but we wanted to check with you guys,

Speaker 7  10:32
so I don't see how those could be deferred submittal if zooms are going to have to be inspected prior to your foundation being put in

Speaker 3  10:42
correct, yeah, correct. I think it's we would not, yeah, we would not do the foundation before we would do the geo peers. And I guess is there any value in submitting the foundation package prior to the geo peers,

Unknown Speaker  11:00
because those are the major

Unknown Speaker  11:03
portion for your foundation review.

Speaker 8  11:08
So I guess if you get into the weeds a little bit, Deborah, what we're trying to do is the foundations are substantial, and predators on the on the subsoil tradition. What we're trying to do is it's an iterative our process between the structural engineer and the geo technical folks. So we're on one side, we're confirming the pressures on the foundation and and the geo peers are reacting to those pressures. I know what we've got, yeah, so

Speaker 7  11:38
they'll sole for another, another developer out there, so yeah, have to be reviewed and inspected prior to your foundation going in. So I'm not sure how a deferred submittal on that

Speaker 8  11:50
would even work, even if it's like three weeks later, so you can stop the foundation review and okay,

Speaker 5  11:58
I don't know how it benefits you timing frame wise, right? Because the review on the foundational only wouldn't be approved. And then by the time you you have the deferred back into us for review, you'd be submitting your whole set of drawings for your structures, for the whole package. So I don't know how that's how that would benefit you.

Speaker 7  12:22
Yeah, we inspect all the cages, everything that go into those, those geo piers, that has to be done in coincide with your foundation.

Ryan Hankins  12:36
Just just to be clear, the geo peers don't have any cages, don't have any cages. Don't have any concrete. It's just gravel. But I understand what

Speaker 5  12:47
you're saying. What would it be all part of the foundation package, wouldn't it?

Speaker 7  12:54
So what are you doing? You're taking out yards and yards of dirt, and then it's getting packed back in with gravel. There's no cages whatsoever, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  13:03
So, mean, the general philosophy here is drilling, drilling and displacing with gravel, and compacting, compacting as you go deeper. It's something that's, that's, that's nice within the Southwest all the time, just, it's a common

Speaker 7  13:23
it's a common phone, okay, I sorry. I misunderstood. I thought you were gonna have cages in there. Then, okay, then that's a whole different story.

Speaker 1  13:35
It's not drilled piers. Let's not the Yeah, it's not the traditional piers.

Unknown Speaker  13:39
Okay, I understand now, then I think you're you're good there.

Unknown Speaker  13:48
Great. Thank you. Okay, thank you.

Unknown Speaker  13:53
Okay, okay, so let me, let me flip to the

Speaker 2  14:02
drawings and maybe we can go through kind of some of The high level pieces, and then, oh, there it is. Okay,

Speaker 2  14:25
so now the what I'm showing you are not the drawings for the early foundation. These are the drawings for the for the building. So this is from the design development set. Okay, we've made a decision to have So the building is going to be a type 1b and I think that we've got our our plan, showing Sorry. Are people familiar with what this project is on the city side? Open? Let me

Unknown Speaker  15:10
flip to a couple more. So okay,

Unknown Speaker  15:13
we've got our

Speaker 2  15:14
fire protection floor plan showing the protected structure and our approach for that, for achieving the type 1b construction, we're going to have an isolated lab and structure at the cub building. You can see where we have a couple of fire rated walls on the interior of the building as well. So this is kind of showing that,

Speaker 2  15:54
currently with when we're submitting our package for permit, like our building package. So tomorrow, okay, okay, so we'll be like on that June 16 date, will be submitting uploading to ABQ plan for permit, and concurrently, I will send you and I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai