Speaker 1  00:00
We get our team in there early enough so we're on track for that next milestone. So I think the next milestone isn't necessarily when the building is complete. I think they're tracking a break ground. And then there's the delivery team has the next milestone, if I'm correct, yeah,

Speaker 2  00:17
like mechanical completion to where you can start fit out operations. Yeah, okay, and that there's some flexibility in those dates, as Ryan's well aware, like, we don't want people on top of people, like, but, but I've, I've seen some symbolic mechanical completions as well.

Unknown Speaker  00:41
It's like, here's the

Speaker 2  00:42
thing, like we all have to be on the same page. And it's also like the leadership has to be on the same page, because if we as like a sort of team, hide from leadership, it can get that that has its own risk to it. I think, from my perspective, making sure that Ryan Abbott and Keith and that that there's alignment on what the expectations are at the contractor, owner and architect level, then how Keith wants to message that to investors. That's sort of like his deal, right? But we're not, as Clayco gonna say, Hey Keith, you know you want it in like 12 months, like we'll be able to do it like in 12 months. We have to be we'll be as honest with him as we are with you, but we'll try to figure out whatever his intent and what his needs are. Does that make sense?

Speaker 3  01:50
It does Conor does I think, the thing to focus on and more context for understanding. Keith is aware that these items that will we are selecting will cause a design redo. So there's going to be we need to really work with Bill's team to figure out what that actually means. You know, I anticipate anywhere from a month and we have to go back. We're at 50% CDs, right? And I think some of the larger changes, like lobbying off half of admin and lab, and eliminating the bridge crane that's going to cause some major redesigns. So he's aware of that. He's aware of the design fees. I think the focus for our group over the next couple days is understanding the items go production, items that have been selected, the ones that are pending cease approval, and whether or not it does safeguard the so we have a 50% seal schedule. That's something that you guys can order on today. I think the main focus from our group should be to have a deep understanding of whether or not be still is going to be compromised with any one of these items that we're selecting. My hunch is no because we last night, Nick and I took out one of the items that would have positive, massive, rare disease. But we really need you know, we need your team to give us that confirmation.

Unknown Speaker  03:24
I think if Keith, you know, Keith is going to be very

Speaker 3  03:31
strong in his opinion. And I think the messaging out to him later this afternoon is, hey, we are working on accommodating the scope reduction items, while also safeguarding the mill order, knowing that that is the critical path item to keep construction going. But, and I don't want to put words in clayco's mouth, but I think also the message should be, we're coming up with creative solutions to break ground mid July and keep the process going, but you got you guys have to again. I don't want to put words in your mouth. You guys have to feel confident and comfortable, but that is something we can accomplish.

Speaker 2  04:14
Hey, Ryan, maybe you and I, we sort of take that back and see what that would look like. I think we have to maybe re, re evaluate the design sequencing that we need from San tuck in order to keep production going. That's that's my two cents.

Ryan Hankins  04:38
Yeah, I still would like to know what all the changes that have been identified or that have been stated that are going to be made, and then

Speaker 1  04:48
it should be in the ACC in that. So we added a column of everything that keeps accepted. If you want to go through that, or I can share it now, if you want to walk

Speaker 3  04:59
through it real quick that, yeah, let's walk through it. Nick, let's walk through it. There's, there's a cohort of items that are accepted today, and then there's a few that still need Keith approval. Sorry, my, my dog sees cats. I don't know if you can hear him, but why don't we take the next 15 minutes? Nick, and just go through that and clarify anything for Ryan?

Speaker 1  05:23
Yeah, ACC is refreshing. I'll have it up in Justin.

Speaker 1  05:38
Can you guys see that? Yep, yes, yeah, okay, let's see. I'm trying to there's a lot of lot of columns in here. There is this column j that we added yesterday for the decision. I think you know going through here just real quick. I think there is the majority of them. Heath is on board. So the major ones, I think that are going to have major so elimination of the cub isolation, there will probably have to be some redesign. There potential for steel impact. Put it in my quick review. Courtney, correct me if I'm wrong. I think it's just the elimination of some additional columns, so it should not be as invasive as we were thinking. So I think it's isolated at the slab in the column. So there, there may be some some tweaks there. Some of the other ones that are going to be bigger here are this SR six and seven, the elimination of the Mitchell cool down pits and covers, and the elimination of the utility trenches and covers. So hopefully that kind of simplified scope a little bit, just the Tad kind of a big one. And okay, just to confirm the Courtney, we are going to keep the 30 inch di a water line trench. Is that correct? That's the only part that's staying underground. I you're on mute.

Speaker 2  07:30
I mean that the eye will that that di pipe is the one that, if you have settlement, would shatter. You probably want that in a trench.

Ryan Hankins  07:40
Yeah. And Conor, one thing that you've not, I don't think you're up to speed on, is that we did get Jeremy to agree to extending the equipment pit underneath the equipment over to that location so that we can get the settlement out of the way and then run it in a trench outside of the footprint.

Speaker 2  07:58
Yeah, that all makes sense that that would be a nightmare over time. Okay, let's keep going and then

Speaker 1  08:05
relaxing the floor flatness and leveling, or to, you know, much more traditional requirements. So that should actually be quite a bit easier. So we were just assuming right off the bat, hopefully that eliminates the need for the one foot finishing slab. But we can, we can talk through that elimination, or we didn't eliminate the cooling for the R and D space. We're relaxing the set points. So upper threshold 80, lower threshold of 55 so I believe that will reduce, or will be able to consolidate air handlers from six to four units in that space. Gonna keep going here, stop me if, if there's anything that raises some red flags for you, relaxing of settlement criteria to one and a half inches so that that should, that one has been approved as well. There's some, some redesign associated with that, I'm sure, eliminating of the East 40 by 40 foot door. I think that would be in we would install a knockout in lieu of that door. That's good. I revert back to this one? Yeah, that that is still, I don't think we've made that decision yet. Yeah, okay, so this is that one is still hanging out. We will eliminate the high performance coating in the r, d space would just be sealed concrete for now.

Speaker 2  09:48
Does that impact anything that we were doing on waterproofing or containment of solvents going through into ground?

Unknown Speaker  10:02
Hmm, I don't think so. Ryan, do you know more on that?

Ryan Hankins  10:07
I think that's a Jensen Hughes question.

Speaker 2  10:10
Yeah, you may want to circle that one. Just make sure you don't create an issue to where you have environmental cleanup in the future, just due to process, because you have, you have a lot of oil piping that call spade a spade, if, if there's any risk of leeching through that slab, you may regret that decision in the

Ryan Hankins  10:36
future, especially with Mindy saying that she's, You know, potentially looking at how this building could be sold in the future. I mean, that would just be a non starter,

Speaker 2  10:46
yeah, you wouldn't be able to ever sell the property. I don't know

Speaker 1  10:51
who's gonna want to buy a poll, sir, that's gonna be on, yeah, I guess someone would. You'd be surprised. I'll buy it. There's gotta be an emergency for right? This is one reduced height of admin lab from seven. And we did approve that this one, I think I need to run to ground and make sure that we are not going to impact the this one obviously impact R and D steel, but there's some, there's some redesign there for columns,

Unknown Speaker  11:35
warm shell, yeah, I don't know if This has been fully accepted. I think we have some additional review we need to do there.

Ryan Hankins  11:45
We've got time on that.

Speaker 1  11:47
Yeah, lemonade, north portion of equipment, pit. Did

Speaker 2  12:00
we lose Cory? Yeah, we did, but rejoin.

Speaker 1  12:06
Sorry, no, you're good. We were here, yeah, eliminate northern portion of the equipment pit that has been approved. Eliminate what's tier one.

Unknown Speaker  12:19
Buy back. Mean,

Speaker 1  12:21
so if there is a potential that we have savings, Keith would want us to put that back into the design. So there's some discussion there that we need to have on how that would be incorporated into the design, if that stays as an add alternate, or what that really means. So I don't think we've ran that to

Speaker 3  12:40
ground yet. Yeah, my, my, my goal is to have all design decisions by the end of this week. So the next two days, I'm going to work to get Keith's attention and leadership's attention, and then do whatever coordination I need to do with Jens and Hughes to drive a decision so we're not fumbling and receiving direction too late in the game. So the hope is within the next couple days, we can give very clear design direction on what we're changing.

Ryan Hankins  13:12
Keith. Keith understands this is like, one of the first things that we're doing on site, right? Excavation, excavation, and then building this pit. That's like the second thing we're doing onsite after geo Pierce.

Speaker 3  13:26
That's correct, and that's why I've, I've highlighted things read for how I want him to pay attention to this, right? So we're in a tough spot. I don't underestimate that.

Speaker 2  13:43
Yeah, I've got to run to a meeting in three minutes the I'm glad to see that you didn't skinny up your transporter load. That's like a no go back decision. My mind bridge crane, I guess Ryan, this is maybe it's not just a design issue. It's like also, how are you going to build it if it comes in as an alternate later? I think that has to be looked at. Because Are we, are we going to have an ability to slip in the steel? Are we going to have an ability to do that?

Ryan Hankins  14:31
I would, I would say we should be pouring the foundations now and potentially making the structure able to do. Maybe it's making the structure a little bit taller in order to accommodate that later, but it's something to your point that we should talk about. Yeah.

Speaker 1  14:57
All right, yeah. Appreciate it. Conor, though, if you need to run, feel

Ryan Hankins  15:00
free counter. Anything else, anything else you want to hit on counter before we jump into our meeting in an hour and a half? No, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  15:10
a Brian, I don't know if I have the meeting on my calendar.

Speaker 3  15:16
Let me forward it to you. I think it's coming from us. Conor, let me i

Speaker 1  15:20
i see you on there, Conor, ds three, and for leadership discussion.

Speaker 2  15:29
DS three, okay, you see it. I see it. I see it, okay. Irony is, I was supposed to have lunch with, with some some people to get them up to speed, and two important meetings came in, so I might just cancel the lunch, which is fine. That's where it is. Okay? I see it. I will be there. All right, thank you guys. I'll Ryan, I'll catch up with you, and after the hour, okay, so I'll call

Speaker 3  15:59
you an hour. Sounds great. And Brian, give, give us a call if you want to talk Nick and I have time, so if you want to call either one of us to continue talking through this

Ryan Hankins  16:08
place too. Okay, no, I gotta. I mean, I'm guessing that FM Global, I didn't really understand. Is that just the grounding, or is that the protection lightning?

Speaker 3  16:20
There's a couple things. There was some comments. I can go back and look at some of the comments the broker had suggested, suggested, but there were some comments around grounding, lightning protection, some separation for the IAD F rooms that just were not developed yet, that design team had the full intent to provide some of those separations. It just wasn't documented. So I would say, you know, it's, it's pretty light. I just need to talk with our insurance broker and our finance person. My hunch is she's not going to want to lighten up on this requirement, because it's going to be more difficult for her to shop this around for insurance. Yep, so my hunch is this is going to fall off the list, to be honest, but yeah, and Nick, I think something that you and I really need to nail down with Keith is the budget, the hard cost for this. I think we need to be very careful about how, how we present that. Tom says not to get stuck with a number that's unachievable, but we need to give the Clayco team a target to aim for instead of we don't want to be doing this dance right,

Speaker 1  17:37
but we're not looking to make that or determination in the meeting today, right? We just need to communicate a not kind of a not to exceed number, if you will, or a target value.

Speaker 3  17:52
Yeah, what I would like to do is I would like our team to lead that conversation, and so the key is providing a number which is going to cause us to continue to spin out. I think there's been some really strong efforts to reduce costs. I think Clayco can help by really putting their stamp on what we're quantifying here and realigning what that construction hard cost should be, both the direct and indirect right and once Clayco puts their stamp on what we think we can achieve, we should be coming to Keith to convince him that this is, this is the achievable cost at this time. So I'd really like this team to drive that conversation with Keith and build the confidence in him that this is, this is the minimum target.

Ryan Hankins  18:44
What if we had to sum up the call today with Keith in like one sentence? What would you say the goal is of this meeting?

Speaker 3  18:57
If I what Keith wants to hear. So I'll reframe that question. What Keith would like to hear is, we have a lot of work to do. It's very late in the game to make a lot of these design changes and scope productions. We have a high level plan and how to realign design development. There will be permitting delays because of that. We're going to have to make this up in the field. We need to safeguard R and D structural steel so as not to cause procurement delays. That is the biggest thing. We need to focus on R and D steel and some of the long lead items with electrical and mechanical we have a plan that we're working through. We We can break ground mid July, but this is, this is a tough problem that we need to solve that's going to take several more months until we build the confidence back of what, what this project is going to cost us if there was more

Ryan Hankins  19:59
than one sentence, no, I know so is like, Help me understand. Because I think Keith, from what I've seen, is, like, very matter of fact, is he going to start the call with, Hey, are we still meeting our July break ground? Is that how he's going to start it?

Unknown Speaker  20:15
You're a very astute person, right? I mean,

Ryan Hankins  20:19
I'm trying to figure out, like how we're going to be led into this and what we're going to directly have to respond to, because if that's what we're directly responding to, I need to make sure that Conor understands that so that he can be prepared. Yes, I would

Speaker 3  20:35
go into it with that approach. If he's asked you that question directly, what he doesn't want to hear is you guys jumping around and creating vague messaging

Ryan Hankins  20:45
the but so the thing that's like, you know, frustrating is that we don't control any of these things. We control nothing. And so he's asking us to commit like, we can, we can do the break ground thing, like Conor said, and if that's what we're okay with saying, is break ground like a kind of a show, that's fine. But do we need to tell him that? Or because what we don't want to do is like, I mean, Abbott's going to be on this call. Abbott's got the relationship with Keith. I don't want Keith getting pissed in two months and being like, what the hell you guys told me that you guys would do this and now you're not. So I just want to make sure that align, that expectations are aligned from that thing.

Speaker 3  21:31
Yes, I think we just to Nick's point. I think we need to be very careful on how we frame it. I go back you said something, we control nothing. I would avoid saying that to Keith, because in Keith's mind, we are hiring you guys to control this for us and as good project leaders and project managers. That is, that is our bread and butter. So I would avoid saying that altogether. What What does make sense is, hey, we can break ground because of some of the delays that we're facing with design, there's going to be some ebbs that we have to make up for. On the back end with construction, we can break ground July 15, but you know, the schedule downstream of that is going to look a little different than what we were targeting just a week ago. He should, and that's something that Nick and I will continue to reiterate as we as we talk with him, week over week, where we can hold this date, but on the back end, we're going to start squeezing things.

Ryan Hankins  22:36
Okay, I'm fine with that. I'm going to communicate that to Conor and Ryan. I just, you know, we want to come out of this project. We're planning to come out of this project unscathed. I just, yes, I don't want to, I don't want to go into this already feeling like we're being scathed.

Speaker 1  22:59
So Keith just doesn't want to hear that we're coming in right off the bat, say we're going to be late, right? And I think that's the so we just have to be careful on how we frame it, yeah, just stick to kind of the facts in the inputs that you need in order to be successful. And then we can kind of work it back on the on the Stan

Unknown Speaker  23:18
tech side. Okay?

Speaker 3  23:21
Nick, another another comment. Have we communicated that this project is going to be wrapped in chill in December of next year? Or have we provided flow? Because I think we haven't communicated that hard stop date yet, and that may give us additional buffer, Ryan, to give you some slack on the back end. So Nick, let's be, let's be, I guess, thoughtful, and how we start framing the back end. Completion of this is that something we haven't focused on, which may be a good, good out for the Clayco folks.

Speaker 1  23:55
Yeah, I think previously, schedules were showing January, not that that's a ton more time, but I think we added in December schedules initially were in in that January time frame, because I added a bunch of extra stuff to the end. Just give myself a little bit of space. And I don't think again, I don't think that's what Keith is is concerned about is the back end. He's concerned about the delivery team's X milestone. So as long as we get them in there and keep them moving, as long as we don't delay them, that's the biggest hurdle. So getting them into that space,

Speaker 3  24:37
if Keith asks any one of us during that call, when will the delivery team be in the door? I'll take that. I don't think Clayco is in a position to be able to answer that question right now. So that's something that Nick we need to answer. Jeremy needs to answer. We're starting those we have the bridge crane worked out, but we're starting those conversations with advanced tank mid next week with the Clayco team, and we need to dial it in within the next couple weeks. So again, I'll take that answer. I don't want to put anyone in an uncomfortable position.

Ryan Hankins  25:12
Okay, I and if he pushes you for a date, don't say March and don't say April.

Speaker 3  25:20
Yeah, the dates that Jeremy put on there, I've, I've told Jeremy, I'm like, Hey, these are super aggressive, and this is your wish list, but this is not something we can commit to just yet. I don't even know if the Concorde is going to be cured by then. To be honest, beautiful, let's, let's do the work. Let's do the work. No, Ryan, we're here, honestly, the way Nick and I work, we are here as a team to figure this out. It's going to be tough, it's going to be uncomfortable, but I

Ryan Hankins  25:50
really work through it. And to be honest, I do trust you guys a lot more than some of the other people I've worked with. It's just, anytime you're going into these discussions. It's just, you know, it's good to know that you guys have our back, but it's just, it's going to be, it's going to be a challenge, so we'll just have to work through it. Yep. So I mean, our My biggest thing is trying to make you guys look good, because I know that we work for you guys. So I also want to make sure that our messaging is consistent with how you guys want it to be portrayed. Frankly, that's why I have Conor and Ryan in the call, because, you know they're really good at framing with somebody like Keith.

Speaker 3  26:38
Yes, we definitely have a lot to learn from Keith. Is a wild card, but he's honestly Keith is a really smart guy. He picks up things very quickly. He's got a lot going on, so I don't envy his position. He's got to orchestrate a lot of things that he's in a pressure cooker, right? So all of our job is to make sure that he looks good, too. Anyways, guys, okay, Ryan, give us a call if you need to chat or anything.

Ryan Hankins  27:13
Okay, sounds great. Thank you. Both. Awesome. Thanks, guys. You working on.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai