Speaker 1  00:00
Eight that were then brought into the converting, and then that's where the product was made, and then sent out to the warehouse area, and there was some office space also, but it was by others.

Ryan Hankins  00:16
I love it, regardless of what we did. So, like, we could still, we could still talk to doing all that, don't let the details get in the way.

Speaker 2  00:25
Yeah, and I mean, we're, we're gonna be in the room with engineers, right? So I just don't want to, I don't want to come across as, as uninformed. So, how much of that process brings the wood pulp into the parent roles? Like, how much of that is actual processed stuff? Are there chemicals that made it through, assuming you're dying the paper, or you're like, how much of this is sort of is cutting and moving versus actual process and chemical?

Speaker 1  00:54
And well, that's the, that's the one room that we didn't do where they actually made that it was a very I remember going to Green Bay and seeing that process happen and it was one huge long machine and that those woods hole was brought into one side it was like a large blender I don't know the chemical process behind it, but then eventually this flurry was then sprayed onto rollers, and those rollers, you know, eventually it dried over time, and made, I mean, a parent roll looks like a nine foot tall roll of toilet paper, you just scale up your toilet paper, it's a huge roll that then is it's got fork trucks that have like large arms that clamp onto the side of it, store it, and the one issue that P and G said we'd be millionaires if we could solve is a better way of handling that parent role, because they always clamp on the outside of it, and it ruins the outside two inches or so has to be discarded and then recycled. I'm not sure. I didn't really answer your question, but I don't know enough about the chemistry or the process behind

Unknown Speaker  02:21
there's gotta be a YouTube video somehow,

Speaker 2  02:26
so so that process piece, the equipment and process piece, was that managed by P and G's direct vendor, or did that fall under GC Pino? I don't remember.

Unknown Speaker  02:41
We probably should have had Tony Masinas on this call, he was

Speaker 3  02:46
certainly outside. I thought there was another, another called like an APC that was handling that whole scope. Hey, Steve, sorry I'm late, so I got distracted. There's lots of squirrels running around this building right now.

Unknown Speaker  03:11
Nice to see you, Vance.

Speaker 2  03:20
It on the left, right, unless you got more questions on PG, Brian. You have anything else? So, I mean, it sounds like on PNG we were more doing the cord shell. Did we do any of the, like, the office or the fit out or any mean interior stuff,

Speaker 1  03:43
we did that mainly court shell. There was probably a little doc office that was in our scope, and that was about

Ryan Hankins  03:53
it. I think I think the main thing, Steve, is like we're just saying, hey, yeah, we did this building in Utah. The building made parent roles, and then it, you know, broke it down into smaller packaging for, for commercial use. The whole, the whole process from tip to tail, and we'll work through it that way.

Speaker 1  04:18
Yeah, yeah, parent roles went through, it's called a converting line, and that converted it into the different paper products

Speaker 3  04:31
on West Rock. We basically got the rolled cardboard stock from an adjacent facility on the campus in Washington, and went through, and it was a corrugation facility, so you know we made pizza boxes and stuff like that, but really our scope of work there was was facility site, you know, we have few electrical connections here and there, but we did not own the conveyance or any of the process equipment. You know, we built the systems, the foundations, and everything like that for that facility. That information is also on the Clinka website. There's probably project pages on it. I don't recall the size of that building off top my head. I had probably could have told you yesterday, but it was smaller. It was 150,000 square feet, maybe, or something along those lines.

Speaker 2  05:35
Okay, we have it as 500,000 feet. Oh God, no way,

Ryan Hankins  05:42
that's all. It sounds great. We're not, we're not changing things now.

Speaker 2  05:47
Yeah, we already sent it. Yeah, yeah, we certainly had a..

Speaker 3  05:54
I think I probably told marketing to change all that information, because there was a pursuit for one that we have that was a bigger project that I don't think they ever built, and I think that's probably where somebody got those numbers from.

Speaker 2  06:09
Yeah, I mean, Ryan, these are this was the Todd Peters job, right? Yeah, yep.

Ryan Hankins  06:15
So, from what I understand, you said that cardboard sheets come in and then it gets corrugated from there,

Speaker 3  06:24
so it's pretty basically it's it's flat sheets that go through a corrugation machine, you know, where it's kind of turn giving it a thickness from a roll, right? Yeah, so there's what looks like your parent roles, essentially, and I assume that's what P kind of grabbers, I think they should be grabbing it from the ends from the top and bottom and squeezing it together, and just say PG, a million dollars,

Speaker 1  06:56
trying to think of all it, yeah, it comes off the machine, this is how it grabbed it. Yeah, this

Unknown Speaker  07:03
looks like a pretty simple process.

Speaker 3  07:05
Just a lot of conveyance throughout the facility. There was really just one piece of machine, and then a lot of dust collection, conveyance of dust collection as well. Then you know, there's a stamping machine for, you know, vinyl burning on packages and stuff like that, pretty simple facility and pretty simple process as well. What is this? What's this project that you have, Steve? And I don't know if you give Aaron a little intro before,

Speaker 2  07:40
so we have limited information. The company is Sofidel, S O F I D L, and they do like that bathroom tissue and tissue paper manufacturing, for you know, they've got a variety of brands, but Costco and a bunch of big ones, and so they're looking at doing a million square feet in the Phoenix area manufacturing facility, we don't know if that's a single building or multiple buildings, and that's kind of the extent of what we know. We know they're doing, they're doing one in, I think, in Ohio, it's about a million square feet, that's a $750 million project. They did one in Oklahoma, so they've got a couple of these in the, in the US area.

Speaker 3  08:29
Do you know those, like in Ohio? Did we shape before your time? I don't know. Just saying, as soon as I saw you say it, I mean, I sure feel like I've saw this on a pursuit list once,

Ryan Hankins  08:43
yeah, Yates, Yates, and Gray got got the Oklahoma and the Ohio plant,

Unknown Speaker  08:53
okay, so we did chase it as like a design

Ryan Hankins  08:58
build, yes, now talking with or doing some research, it looks like the process they bought the machines from a company called Val May or Val Met, and they did everything from process install to hook up, so there wasn't a lot that those guys did on those facilities, it looks like it was pretty much corn shell.

Speaker 2  09:28
That's kind of what I found too, is that it's very process manager driven, and that falls under, so Minnell doesn't fall under, yeah, the UPC or GC,

Ryan Hankins  09:42
I you guys know who Beige and Jedson are? I do not. They're, I think, they're engineering firms. From what I've heard, they, from what a little bit of research, it seems like they're the top tissue mill engineering firms for this type of stuff, but yeah, we'll find out more about if this is design build, or what it is, or what they're looking for, what discussion they've already had coming out of this, and we'll keep you guys updated,

Speaker 3  10:21
yeah, and we can probably bring in, if you want, like a guy, you know, to see where they're, where they're headed. I mean, once we know if they're just wanting our scope just to be facility and site, or if they're wanting it to be a little more process support, you know, we could probably bring a guy like John Mitchell in, or something to those discussions as well.

Speaker 2  10:47
Yep, yeah, they said they are interested in design build, but it wasn't, you know, not necessarily written out as design build. So, I think that's going to be part of the discussion that we have with them in the person, I mean, on Tuesday. So, we're meeting with them in person on Tuesday, based off of that limited information they shared, and we expressed interest and sort of gave them pre-qualifications package, but we should be getting more project information on Tuesday, as far as details. This was just to kind of get a little bit of background on the paper process, the PNG and the restaurant project, so that when we bring it up as examples, if they have questions, we've got some detail to share,

Speaker 3  11:28
and those are the only two projects that I can think of that really seem related to this, even though they're not, I mean, you know, whenever I've looked at the process of the corrugation facility, it looked and felt a lot like a poly iso plant that we've done for GAF, even though I know it's completely different, but it's not in some ways, it's mixing, it's pouring onto a thing, it's rolling and it's cutting, kind of like paper in a way, you know. So I like that. I don't know what else we've done, other than like GAF facility, and maybe a facility for Dow that looks and feels how much,

Ryan Hankins  12:11
how much of the process did we do on GAF?

Speaker 3  12:17
You know, John Mitchell was more engaged in that one, I think we did a.. we were the main.. I think we coordinated a lot of equipment, you know. We didn't procure, install the equipment, we

Speaker 4  12:31
procured it.. no, we did not. Oh, okay. I was like,

Speaker 3  12:35
geez, did not procure or install, okay? But you know, we were coordinating all the equipment. I think the equipment was vendors were probably already selected by the time we were engaged, because they build other facilities and had relationships with their vendor, so it was more of a coordination effort. Okay, I'm 99% confident we did not install the equipment. I think we were talking about it starting to do stuff like that when that project came around.

Ryan Hankins  13:09
Steve, Steve, we should probably look at that and maybe add it to the deck if it's something that we can draw a parallel to.

Speaker 4  13:19
Hey John. Oh, hey John. Hi Ryan. How you doing, man? Good. We didn't install

Speaker 5  13:30
the equipment. No, I don't think so. We didn't procure

Speaker 6  13:33
that either. No, we didn't. That was all specialty stuff that GAF had lined up.

Ryan Hankins  13:39
So, where did your engineering stop? Did you guys do the connections to the equipment? It was kind of always OSB, I'll call it okay,

Speaker 6  13:48
but some of it was designed, build by Icon,

Unknown Speaker  13:55
believe that I don't know, like HVAC

Unknown Speaker  13:58
stuff like that. Yeah, so I was working with Tim.

Speaker 3  14:03
Yeah, I like that, obviously, but we wanted to say that we've done all that work. Yeah, that's right. Oh, yeah, we did all that work. I think that's all we wanted. We may bring in other discussions. So, Brad Venice was my hangout.

Ryan Hankins  14:20
Oh, actually, yeah. Do you want to do you know the process really well?

Unknown Speaker  14:27
I don't, but Brad does. Who's Brad? Brad Bennett, he's in my group.

Ryan Hankins  14:33
Maybe, maybe we set up a call with him just to talk through it real quick.

Speaker 3  14:37
What's our goal here? What do we have? Paper plan, but we were talking about, we did West Rock with coordination facility, PMG, but we did the facility,

Speaker 4  14:46
process like a paper, yeah, because perfect, yeah, you got some big things up on the

Unknown Speaker  14:58
building, and I did cover and fiber, I would result in same thing. It's a toe that goes all the way through,

Speaker 3  15:05
so we were just kind of spitballing things and seeing close to paper products. Yeah, anything like they call it a toe, you know, like when it's a long linear process that just

Speaker 4  15:17
made me, I mean, Vance, you worked. I've never done paper, but Vance, you worked on AESC, right? Yeah, it's kind of like the coil, it's kind of like the the

Ryan Hankins  15:29
first part of the the mixing lines, right? Similar to somebody knows that better than him. Yeah, Steve, we could probably put some other projects into bolster and just draw parallels. Yeah, I think that makes sense.

Speaker 3  15:55
You guys don't have to show them anything Tuesday, right? For just meeting in a meeting where you can find out more about their project, project, or you try.

Speaker 2  16:03
Well, we'll just do a simplified presentation of, like, edits overall more Clayco focused, and you know, our region focused, and whatnot. And then there'll be some sort of samples at the end of here's other stuff we've done, so it won't be in a lot of detail.

Unknown Speaker  16:17
Sit in on that. I mean, I wouldn't mind.

Speaker 2  16:21
So, yeah, we're doing an in-person with them here in Phoenix, so I don't know if there's going to be a virtual component, but this is sort of the first step. If it's something we're interested in, there's going to be a whole RFP process, and this is just a kick-off thing, kind of.

Unknown Speaker  16:34
Okay. All right, we don't want to spend a bunch of money on this meeting, I guess.

Speaker 7  16:40
He's, we want to bring in the big guns yet. Yeah, they want to buy Phoenix yet. Okay, that's that's the real answer.

Speaker 3  16:57
We also really didn't control the process that we did a lot of coordination. Another similar one is an aluminum mill. I'm just thinking of coil rolling. There's different processes. I don't know that we have any great graphics or anything, because we never ended up building the thing. But

Ryan Hankins  17:19
was that that job in the middle, the Midwest, the aluminum plant in Kentucky,

Speaker 3  17:25
but you're looking for product data sheets that might have stuff that's going to be GAF. Is we did two things, we did a membrane facility and a poly iso board, and then we also did one for Dow, it was in wasn't Boise, Idaho, it was some place in Idaho, I don't recall, but it was a poly iso board facility, and we might have some pictures of the inside of that, that, like you said, kind of draws parallels to it, or something, that similar processes again, really just doing facility and coordination of the process, not driving the process,

Speaker 2  18:21
yeah, and with some background digging, the limited stuff we've done here, that's kind of what it seems like it's going to be. I think SoFitel is going to bring in their ValMat, or whoever they're doing for the process and equipment, who runs along the guts, and this is more just sort of support and structure,

Speaker 3  18:38
yeah, and I would say I'm not, I'm not.. I'd say this with John in here. Brad's not going to drive the process with an uneducated owner on how to make paper, you know. He can help support the coordination of their process into something that we can build and coordinate with the facility, I think, is where, where our CDE or LJC engineering process team is right now.

Speaker 2  19:09
Okay, and I think that's fine. I don't, I mean, they know what they're doing, I don't think they're looking for us to explain how to make toilet paper, right?

Ryan Hankins  19:17
They just want to know that we have parallels of things that we've done before.

Unknown Speaker  19:24
Good, great, good deal, Ryan. You think we got what we need?

Ryan Hankins  19:30
Yeah, you want to get with marketing and see if we can get some of those project sheets pulled?

Speaker 2  19:37
Yeah, okay, yeah. And the whole thing, I think on our side it's supposed to be like 2530 minutes max, so I mean we're gonna eat up that pretty fast, so I don't think we need to have, you know, five or six of these, it's just kind of something to breeze over on the project experience side. All right, thanks guys, see you guys. Thanks. Appreciate it. Bye.

Speaker 8  20:24
You all right, I would like to get this, and what biggest pet peeve is when nobody can

Speaker 9  20:40
explain to me, it's like, how do you change the number? I've got sheet one, I've got sheet two,

Speaker 5  20:52
and then I've got an order of magnitude and a row sum number that ties to nothing and no credit.

Speaker 9  21:12
It done, and I can be good with this, because I'm crashing. Okay, so I just in the teams, like, how did, like, okay,

Unknown Speaker  21:25
like, I am going to lose it with my tail, just

Speaker 10  21:42
you're all bes together, I go,

Speaker 8  21:49
they're expecting all the bees, Lulu. She goes, that's not how it was explained to me, that's not true. And I'm like, so are you telling me there's other double ups, and she goes, possibly, and.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai