Anthony Johnson  00:00
Most important asset in so many different ways. So a lot of emphasis on the people so, so no reason to be labor getting started today. We got a lot to get through, so Ryan's gonna do what he did yesterday and get through this section on time and get us off to get started. So me say it that way.

Unknown Speaker  00:28
Let's get the sports group

Unknown Speaker  00:38
up here. It was the intro.

Speaker 1  00:40
Wow. Chicago sports online. You all next to a stage you may play like a like a niche sport where you throw things, hit things, and they were so loud. I tried to explain off site, off site in baseball, but it's a real story, so I thank you. I went to hotel, then I went to the elevator, and there's a young man comes with me to the elevator in sports gear, as long did you go for a run? No, no, I come from soccer practice. Oh, my God, your soccer fan. I decided the World Cup. Are you watching a game? No, I hope to be in it. Excuse me, yeah, I'm in it. I played for Haiti. Haiti made the World Cup the first of 50 years, and they helped make the team. So, now we have another team to move to an 84 stadium.

Speaker 1  01:33
Quickly. Jason and I know hunt, we pitched together Chicago Fire stadium, and that was my most painful loss previous

Speaker 1  01:51
it's a big market. It's a $15 billion Jason will talk some of the growth areas. As you know, a lot of major stadium projects going on right now. We have 17 major stadiums right now across all the key professional leagues underway. So the momentum, as three of you know as well, in Chicago, we have done something in the past, but we really think there's a lot of professional level, collegial level, a lot of money going in. So we think this market is right now projected to grow maybe like three or 4% but we can just grow five to eight or even 10% another key driver, if we look at some of the stadiums, dill, the bus push stadium is 10 years old, so there's a lot of need. A lot of them were built like in the mid to late 90s. So they are like 20 years so there's a lot of demand across all key spots start with some of the other drivers as well.

Speaker 2  02:48
So the outlook really what's driving sports and continued expansions too? Thing on the professional level, it's all about the fan experience. If you've gone to any of the newer facilities or stadiums or arenas, like they just are extraordinary in what they provide. It's not just what you're seeing in the game, but if you look at the frictionless technologies and how you walk in, you don't even need a ticket, how you can grab and go things. So it's all about fan experience and the money that they've got to put into these to even renovate a facility to make it work, they'll do the cost benefit that will end up holding their new stadium is actually more economical and easier to operate collegiate sports, we've all seen what's happening sports, you know, it's a business now, right? And to recruit and to bring in the talent that they're looking for. Facilities are a driver to those athletes. There continues to be expansion and newer scores. I think the biggest expansion that we've seen is MLS we're seeing WLS is starting to expand, and all of these folks, at some point want their own facility. So here's kind of showing where there's some planned new facilities and sports that happen. It continues to just grow. When I was talking to some of my former colleagues this week, and you know right now, you've got flyers, arenas going on. You've got Cleveland Browns, you've got Titans, you've got jags. The Broncos are just getting ready to ward. The Chiefs are just getting ready to work. San Antonio just started. So, I mean, there is just so much happening and continuing to happen throughout the market. So there is an opportunity here. I just think we need to figure out where we fit, and we'll talk about that a little bit. The other thing that happens with these facilities is that they become when they're building a new statement, they're really looking at entertainment districts, and there's a there's a certain some developers that are really focused on developing it around standings, but the idea is to have these areas, destination places, and also something that's activated 365, days a year, as opposed to eight football games A year. So there's a lot of investment around these facilities as they're being constructed as well. The other thing that's unique about sports, especially when you get into the mega sports, is these things are snowflakes. They're not cookie cutter. Everything is different and unique, and every one of them seems to want to try to outdo it themselves. But one, one thing that's for certain is that they are complex structures. They're always, they're always very, from an engineering standpoint, very difficult. The structure is usually something that the long span is what creates it to be unique. So it's really important that, when you're selling these jobs, that you've got people that you can put in place and say, These are the folks that understand these complex structures, and it's not just the structural steel. Then you start to look at the roofs, and the cable net roofs and the ETF fee skins have just made these things really unique. So what's our approach? So when you look at the folks that are engaged in play in this area, you know the it's, it's a lot of our peers, right? They all have some place that they're in there, but it's really the three major MOS come our Turner points and when it comes to major sports, and then they turn around and they typically partner the Turner and pun partnership is pretty strong. They've taken down a lot of work. And so what happens is, there's usually only two, maybe three teams that actually propose on these, and then your hit rate is like 50% because you only have so many project teams that you can sell. And that's really the key to this. Is who's got project teams that are available and have the capacity? We've got a lot of our normal design friends that are in this space as well. It's important to leverage those relationships, and then the owners reps are always the other sort of the bogey, but really the major player being icon, impact and legend nations does more of the region. Lincoln properties just started to get into it as well. So having those relationships are going to be important. So our considerations,

Speaker 2  07:42
one approach is happening friends, right? And utilize some of our relationships and our friends to bring us along. I think we've already discussed about strategic partnerships with Turner and hunt is interested in where we can bring them into mission critical work and trade off for some opportunities in sports. You know, there's possibilities. Mortenson, Barton, Mal Barton mill,

Unknown Speaker  08:06
very like minded kind of contractor

Speaker 2  08:09
on how we operate. The one thing, when we start to do that, then they start to become off limits. If we're going to start to look at bringing on resources with the sports experience, we need to consider that as well. Another thought might be is maybe build our team around subject matter experts. And I know that conversation came up yesterday about, hey, can we do something internally to bring people along? And I would say is that we we have all the people we need and the experts in building but you still have to have that essence stand up there and talk and talk. So maybe the approach isn't to go poach somebody or hire somebody from one of our competitors, but maybe it's to look at on the complex structures like out of steel. Walter P Moore does a ton of the design on this. Maybe bring one up anywhere on that he's making speed. WWE shell, they all have done a lot of these projects. The same with the cable networks, ETS, Novum, Resi and the ETF fee. Maybe there's some approach there where we're bringing the expertise in from the subcontractor market to help build our team. I think we need to work on finding our edge, where we fit. And maybe we don't fit in the mega NFL Stadium, the two or $3 billion stadium, but maybe, while our competitors are getting busy there, maybe we focus on MLS. Those are still six, $700 million projects. Maybe there's an opportunity there to come in, build relationships with people and take one of those down. I think, I think actually, the Chicago Fire is a really interesting example of that. Pepper won that job. They've never built a stadium before, and they beat us. They'd be Marc, and we're all in the mix on that. And pepper ended up with the job. So they did something, right? Maybe we can learn from that, but maybe that's the place where we fit, is there, and then build our resume along the lines of some of the smaller tier facilities, and then building up the other is, where can we engage the rest of the enterprise capabilities? Maybe there's an integrated model that we sell to some of our folks about the speed to market, again, leveraging CSI opportunities through the CRG, with the developments around in the entertainment districts and LJC. The one thing to consider too is with all that, that's the only way it's probably going to achieve our margin. This is a relatively low fee business. It's, it's a two and a half to 2.75 stated fee. Everybody knows what it is. The owners, reps drive it down,

Unknown Speaker  10:49
the NFL, the

Speaker 2  10:50
NHL, the NDA, they all share with each other what what they're paying to these so you've got to have another approach to increase the margins for the

Unknown Speaker  10:58
risk that we're going to take.

Speaker 2  11:02
Going to take. So our recommendations continue to look at building our in house capabilities through recruiting, again, identifying those strategic

Unknown Speaker  11:13
partners that we want to move forward with

Speaker 2  11:16
once we've done that, now go on a road shell starts in telling people what we're up to, what we're looking for, and then really study that entertainment district and see if there's opportunities there to leverage all the things

Speaker 1  11:29
currently we do pursue the fast stadium with kind of walls and I'll be getting with the mill training facilities and ranch for the

Unknown Speaker  11:38
cracky group that's coming. Training

Unknown Speaker  11:47
Facility for Ranch, for the

Unknown Speaker  11:49
cracky group that's coming up next,

Speaker 3  11:56
our related stuff. You know Shawn Hollister department, very well. Okay?

Speaker 4  12:10
Any other quick questions, what about what about renovation? Because I've seen one of the

Conor Tighe  12:16
things that you that you can get in front of these teams is you fight off things like scoreboard replacements, sort of smaller jobs, so that you can collide into the larger replacement when

Speaker 2  12:30
it happens. That's a good strategy. We just have to think about, are we competitive city?

Unknown Speaker  12:41
Those are good to look at as well.

Anthony Johnson  12:45
I know these all vary quite a bit, but just ranges of staff sizes for projects, duration is for bills.

Speaker 2  12:54
There's an example, the Tennessee Titans, 1.8 billion, 110 staff, 33 months. That's a pretty typical range for something. For an NFL stadium, you're gonna be about 110 people. An NHL NDA arena, you're probably gonna be somewhere 75 to 80. Those are gonna range anywhere from 900 million to maybe 1.3 billion, depending on the on

Unknown Speaker  13:27
the technology. MLS was like 22 to

Speaker 2  13:29
24 months. Yeah. Ml stadium, MLS stadiums are somewhere between 20 and 25,000 seats. 1000

Unknown Speaker  13:42
seats. 6060 5 million. I think they're all just getting more gas.

Speaker 5  13:54
Exchange. It's good to have a subject matter actually, like we have an Enterprise Center. Maddy, that was your first job when you started

Speaker 6  14:03
anyway, we've been down there. We've probably done two or $300 million worth of work together, put a

Speaker 2  14:20
story together, bit somewhere, because all the sports that I mentioned, all of those major competitors, their teams, are tapped like bears, comes out in the next six months. I don't know how even Turner on boards and provide a staff. Marc

Speaker 7  14:48
and provide a staff, one of the items you mentioned with the college regional players,

Unknown Speaker  14:55
typically, you need you have the relationships on Northern Chicago and and those margins might

Ryan Abbott  15:07
even get lower publicly procure whereas even in the public private partnership on the major

Speaker 4  15:19
but it's Fun. Everyone loves to work projects with respect to self perform.

Speaker 2  15:35
Yeah, you can see, typically, can self perform. You can do general requirements, general period you can typically bid. So you can bid good concrete. I will tell you that with Turner, we successfully had negotiated that equipment rental program did a little differently than it was discussed that grant discussed yesterday, but I mean that job will make $16 million on equipment so well, yeah, so there is an opportunity to get the margins up, but it's all In the negotiation the contract.

Speaker 8  16:21
Jason, you said that there are some potential partners interested, and you guys formalize any type of conversation

Unknown Speaker  16:31
on Walsh white figured out right now we will be our best company. But I mean, in general, I think

Unknown Speaker  16:39
there's discussions that happened here. Discussions. We

Unknown Speaker  16:51
just talked big, really, really

Speaker 9  17:02
small. I Morning,

Speaker 6  17:13
everyone, how are you fishing before we get

Speaker 5  17:20
started? Anybody not agree that Jon Frost is completely

Speaker 5  17:32
dreaming markets, an exciting market with a long runway, a lot of potential, it also comes with some significant barriers and creating some risks. And talk about Scott LOI? Talk about. Scott Watkins, which everybody knows from yesterday. Operation Marc Smith, for those

Speaker 10  17:53
that have not been in the circuit, as ml came out this morning, they do Ed staffers, they increase their revenue predictions 10% for the next two years. Percent the next two years take two to four years. So I can tell you, the data center world is going to keep going longer than three years. That's, that's what this helps you benefit you can't enter for no money. Probably the highest barriers and highest margins of any business. But to probably be honest, we're trying to give you a real plus delta on what this market we should be chasing. Huge mark, foundational technology market. This is drives. Just about everything we do in the United States. Navy automobile has six or 7000 chips, if you can imagine that ice automotive, automobile has 250 to 1500 so imagine the vehicles right up down the road, imagine who's making those chips and why vehicles cost what they cost now, the scale and revenue is massive. 220, 3 billion to two, 60 billion. Our clients, they're aware of us that will be either gotten RFP from them or done working. That's only those people. So we'll go ahead once you do one successful it's very sticky. That aligns really well with our design. Just

Speaker 10  19:34
the driver behind the technology, development is extremely technically complex. There are a lot of things you can screw up on. These things you're not forgiving at all. Capability gaps between us and incumbents and companies have spent a lot of money to get ramped up to do this. There's a lack of skills anywhere in March looking for people to do

Speaker 10  20:09
five plus years, obviously, margins. You gotta get really good at your own balance accounts or advanced funding, because you can't carry these kind of funds on balance sheet. Just impossible doing multi billion dollar projects, clients got to help you do that. You got to figure out how to sell customer.

Speaker 10  20:39
Process piping. We've done process. It is nothing, nothing compared to this. And those who understand need to see, okay, once the pipes made, once it's clean and electro polish, it never sees the atmosphere again. In its life, it's fabricated in a clean room. Everything is bagged or it's welded together and well as

Unknown Speaker  21:07
heating the gas, pretty amazing. And the clean rooms, you got to understand clean bill technology. It's not just keeping dirt. So we need to understand how to how to do wake up education. We'll

Unknown Speaker  21:35
talk about the kind of People seven

Speaker 9  21:39
and eight. We through.

Speaker 10  22:02
Through head start on that. Obviously, they're all good people, the SK Onyx of the world, the Samson people like that. They do bid Cory shell and we worked with a couple of these things. But typically, as you would expect, mostly

Unknown Speaker  22:42
Intel. I have a mostly Intel happens. Great people, serious competition.

Speaker 10  22:49
So if you got to compete with these guys, another eye chart here. But the whole idea, if we think you got out of these people to pursue work in this market and get it. We think to do that to probably be a negative return for at least a couple. That's what I'm thinking. But the smallest of projects that they award now for green floors. They say these jobs are 30 to $60 million that's to the shell or maybe six week process, but once you get one blue line, so I'm success first couple years doing pro bono studies from schedule those type of things.

Unknown Speaker  23:42
Yeah, that's most technically. We've

Speaker 10  24:01
got this concrete thing csill, we'd like to probably actually do things like that. And I'll point maybe with this, yes, yeah, we'll get into Tom install.

John Cross  24:17
Of course, from a design and engineering point of view, there's additional resources that would be required, of course, record shell white HVAC design. We've got those resources in house

Unknown Speaker  24:27
now, if we wanted to get involved on the

Unknown Speaker  24:29
process piping or clean room aspect of things, we need to bring in additional folks.

Speaker 10  24:33
Yeah, and you get stuff about this. But the only reason Ben was doing Columbus, Ohio, is they can make more money than God. I can do everything you want to do, if you can do it higher senior path. There's a lot that goes along with that, and we've got traceability qualifications within technical things capitalize on our existing clients. Embed the vehicle we get with our design teams and construction teams to just educate so we get a team up. You can sell one of these, but very few people are doing two of these, just like the convention space and sports movies. Sports, interviews, conferences, speaking to move class up the awareness chain, the first reference is a big deal, whatever it takes to get the first job that you actually go after,

John Cross  25:40
because everybody else. Don't mess it up. And to reiterate, you know, starting small, getting the foot the door, then executed. Well, on a smaller scope that we have capability in house to execute

Unknown Speaker  25:57
is there's a lot of risk

Speaker 3  26:00
out there marching. What do you see as the key risk, other than technical, complex work

Unknown Speaker  26:09
or their performance type aspects,

Unknown Speaker  26:16
the biggest risk is had work installation. If you install

Speaker 10  26:23
500 GPS, it's your problem. So you got to make sure it's got all parts and pieces for that. See what he's doing. Jason going through that now with the waffle slide vibration isolation,

Unknown Speaker  26:45
on that one too. I think it was kind of a national supervision.

Unknown Speaker  26:50
They didn't understand what they were doing. You don't understand what you're doing in this business.

Ryan Abbott  26:58
Yeah, in that case specifically, too, they had five pre fabricators, and nobody was watching the connections in between.

Unknown Speaker  27:06
That was nuts. The one thing you got to make sure, I

Speaker 10  27:17
think the margins are, could be three to 5% or more. I we've got the gut concrete corner shell, and we do well, put some people food in the clean bill, even on the shell, certainly on the two and stuff would be the next logical piece of it. Hoffman do 18%

Ryan Abbott  27:49
they've done it super creatively through rental programs. We've watched them do it through self perform labor. Watch them do it through super stubborn so there's, there's a lot of creative

Unknown Speaker  28:01
ways to

Unknown Speaker  28:04
make the rest of the magic

Speaker 11  28:08
strategies to get on campus, get some smaller projects relative to the overall multi billion dollar scale, get design going as well. Some of that just get embedded, get that trust. I think naturally the fees are going to be higher on that smaller work, and then kind

Speaker 3  28:24
of push our way into bigger work. There's a penetration pricing aspect of it, or is it

Speaker 10  28:35
really just so? But implant work is by far the most difficult. Everybody said, get started. Start working in clean room is really hard to do if you don't need to be doing it, unless you got people. We got an opportunity to come up with micron would have been ideal. Would have been ideal, but we couldn't make the cut to do that job. But those kind of things

Conor Tighe  29:11
get the right vendor mark. You said it was like a $200 billion market. Yeah, it seems like there's only so many teams that can do this type of work? Do we have an idea of how many teams there actually are out there

Unknown Speaker  29:27
as it relates to the interstate?

Unknown Speaker  29:29
And that's about tap that you can go looking for revenue.

Conor Tighe  29:40
Just really, it seems like it's market constrained just based off of staff abilities. So isn't the owner market going to have to take a lead towards somebody that

Speaker 12  29:53
doesn't have as much of a firm?

Speaker 10  30:01
They're sort of indiscernible. Two years.

Speaker 8  30:17
You guys have any conversation with Samson? We spoke with Yeah, so what they just decided,

Unknown Speaker  30:26
I'm not real sure about that's another really good entry point. Those

Unknown Speaker  30:38
are typically under 50,000 pubs. Yeah, we've got really good relationships,

Unknown Speaker  30:46
if you want to break a piece off like that. I mean, Samsung

Speaker 8  30:54
is when we talked to them, three months ago, they were looking for a DC to collaborate, because they do a lot of software phone everywhere in the world, except the US. And I thought that was a good way to enter that

Speaker 6  31:21
market. What is the potential for modular pre fast on

Speaker 10  31:28
people doing that? There is nothing. It's really hard to do in Union strong areas and waste a lot of money. Open shelf areas, but all the sub five racks will be fabricated off site and set in, allows sprinkler electrical and have everything processed, like DI water, shell water, acid exhaust and the same applies,

Ryan Abbott  32:02
you know, just talking through kind of we've been and maybe just giving you a couple of data points. So right now, CSI, under the Clayco brain, is working out at TSMC, and we've got opportunities at their next two fabs. Those are, those are supposed to be here, sort of any day. The team has successfully delivered with all of the bureaucratic nature of being on that mega campus, getting through security, getting productive, getting all of the Davis Bacon labor rates and architecture and cost backup and auditing, all of that figured out. So that's been a huge step for that campus, and it has opened up several opportunities for us to go and expand on that program ASML, which is the basically has a monopoly on all of the micro electronic, you know, what they call extreme ultraviolet like so all of the lithography that goes in and it makes the chip itself. Ryan and team has gone in there and figured out how to do their aggregation and training facility, which had to be built in a clean environment. So has at least that relationship and that pedigree to kind of step into the other side of the tooling, and we've been invited to do tooling, I think what we've all kind of looked at is, do we? Do we have the bandwidth to step into that space, dedicate that many people learn a couple of lessons along the way, and they've had life process next door to it, and we've kind of looked at it and gone like, hey, we need to build a little more muscle, right? And then, and then mark and team was highly successful in this moment where Texas Instruments had built to the end of their capacity and had more demand than they had supply. The US supply. And you remember those days when cars were sitting around because they couldn't have chips. So we got really far on a couple of pursuits with them. And what happened was demand curved, and then they said, Okay, we can now fit this into our existing suppliers, right? So there's been a couple of things where we're just standing right on that edge of doubling into the people lastly, on the people front, we've had several people that we've had an interview that have said, Hey, I'm ready to do something other than semiconductor. I've been hanging on to the end of this tiger for 20 years, right? And so there's, there's another piece to that as well as it is, it is not for the faint of heart, and it's, it's scale, it's complex and it's demanding, right?

Unknown Speaker  34:35
Yeah, I was at it 20 years

Speaker 13  34:41
out big hours. We all work big hours and

Speaker 7  34:53
everything. One of the things that I've seen is our challenge that we're having right now, schedule cost and like that's A pretty high demand

Unknown Speaker  35:12
in that space.

Ryan Hankins  35:22
Send it to seven to 10,000 like for the therafap that's been discussed. How big of a but, I mean, how many people like, how many resources and how many contractors do you think will be on that?

Speaker 10  35:41
Yeah, so 100 gigawatts manufacturing. This was the 500 times everything that exists in the United States. Now it's fun to think about you. So it's fun to think about. It would certainly be built

Speaker 10  36:08
over a decade or two decades, rounds up 18 million square feet, net to gross ratio is pretty cheap. There's 18 million at least three times that much square foot just to make it like so much.

Ryan Abbott  36:25
It. They see that as the limitation on robotic self driving compute, the US needs to take its hands. And this is in basically,

Speaker 10  36:37
he thinks that the chips are going to be the bottleneck are now making yourself, and he wants to make a mistake. He wants to make all the energy Interesting.

Unknown Speaker  36:54
Okay, we should switch subjects.

Ryan Hankins  37:07
Yeah, Jon, you did fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  37:15
I'm used to working with you, jerk. I was

Ryan Hankins  37:20
just disappointed there wasn't like a Charlie's Angels, yeah,

Speaker 14  37:27
working teams and JR Kibbon, working definition. So predominantly King enterprise has

Speaker 14  37:42
always worked this kind of space, water, waste water. Current

Speaker 14  37:53
market right now is $37 billion a year. Listed out some of the key players that are in here, you can see the top five or $500 million or more, five or that three, four key drivers that basically indicate water, waste water. We have a really aging infrastructure. A lot of the older plans that were built for smaller communities had different regulatory requirements at the time, so we're changing requirements on that. We're trying to get those up

Unknown Speaker  38:22
to speed. The infrastructures are

Speaker 14  38:24
really old. So there's a lot of structures that are trying to be restored, rehabilitated, or Tom down and rebuilt, and then you have basically population growth. Really look at Mason dick and line on down. There's a lot of infiltration of people coming into those markets nice weather. So the water, waste water, the drinking water, potable. I mean, you name it. It needs any food, beverage, all manufacturing, everything like that. So it's a key driver that's really never going to go away. It's not like there's a peak in the market like mission critical. Hey. How long is this going to last? It just continues to drive up at a pretty steady pace, and right now we've got minimal exposure to the Clayco market. I think there's opportunities with some of the industrial stuff that Clayco is working on right now, opportunities to maybe take that, use some of that on building your resume, factory strategies. We're diving into the market now. We actually jumped into the biogas market, which is still a tank space. We just did a couple banks up in Minnesota. So we're continuing to work on our resume, hopefully in hopes to help the enterprise jump into something like this as well. And I think Andrew edmor is working on some stuff down in the southwest, an opportunity where General Contractor used our number a little bit. So we're kind of tapping into that mark a little bit. Nothing super complicated, but just got to have the right people at all.

Speaker 15  39:47
Okay, so road forecast. So as we already stated, you know, 37 point 3 billion. This is really on the low end. It's hard to really get your hands on what was true, what we would consider opportunity for us. Really, it's considered a 40 to 60 billion, but there's so much in there and just normal operation of the facilities. So we took the lower end of that, projected at 4.4 per year. So Anthony yesterday, when you were talking about the company, has been nimble as things change. We've changed as well and whatnot, and data centers. Well, one thing that we've been consistent through all that has been all these stall worse that are there,

Unknown Speaker  40:31
market hasn't moved at all.

Speaker 15  40:35
So really, you boil it down to there, boil it down to two major segments. So really, there's the pot of water, jump, drinking water, wastewater treatment. So the this would really be taking out of reservoir, river treatment for consumption. And then really the wastewater just the back side of that, bringing it in, releasing it into rivers, reservoir, merging site. Sub market. So where is this happening? So southeast and southwest. If you go into simply what the main players are showing as their showcase jobs, it's interesting. It's really Arizona and Georgia, little bit of Texas, but really down in there, that's really, at least, that's what they're showing this is happening everywhere in the country, but that's really where they're seeing a lot of growth. Here in Atlanta, where I'm at studying the north side of Atlanta, where there's a ton of growth going on. There's just an abundance of opportunity. You talked about CSI seeing some opportunities, and talking to some of the local concrete subcontractors down there, the GCS themselves, who do this self perform work. It's so saturated they can get to the work themselves. So the subs are actually seeing a lot of opportunity, and there's more than they can get to as well. So when we think about this, and we think about, you know, I don't Clark self performs, and Walsh and the others Hewitt, they self perform this work. If you don't have to be a self performer in order to get into this work, we would want to, obviously, we're going to talk about that a little later, and how it relates to the potential margins in the work. So the southeast? Yeah. So Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, Carolina, in the southwest. I did go back and do a little bit of research, just to see where, where is the country's most active it was interesting that really from California all the way down, from the southeast and southwest button up, if you filter out just design build opportunities, they're everywhere. So if we're looking for progressive design build opportunity, CMAR, you're going to see it pretty much anywhere. So next slide please. So funding, yeah, it's gonna, it's gonna be a city, state, county job, Atlantic in particular, a lot of it is let through the county themselves, with federal funding and state funding, as we looked at opportunities, and like other places where probably smaller projects, and When we say smaller project. We're looking at 40 million is considered a small, small project. Personally, I see that you're not really going to take tuition here. You're going to pay a little bit up front, you're going to invest in the people get there, but the margins are high enough in this marketplace where I think you're going to see immediate returns on your investment a little bit. Returns on your investment will get faster than other markets, potentially. And then obviously you have large, large projects where we have later slides will show where we think we could actually get into those 100, 2 million, $300 million jobs. Again, public, some of the challenges that come to mind, what public is you're probably going to have to go through and you're going to get registered, registered with these entities, whether it's a county or state, which isn't double edged sword. You also know that once you're registered and you're considered a competent bidder, okay, the barrier to entry somewhat gone, because if you're good enough to get registered, you're good enough to get you got the whole number, you're going to get awarded the job. We also do see that there's some opportunity, but a hybrid of private in particular, thinking about data centers, for instance, up in Stafford, Amazon had to have an agreement with the local Stafford County to pull water from their facility in talking to Amazon, there's not really any opportunity with them, so their business plan, at least, is that they make that agreement, but they don't really want to let out that work or be involved with that work. They let the county or the city or the state

Unknown Speaker  44:58
take care of that, but it

Speaker 15  45:00
would be close to them, would give us some long term signal on where that work might be happening, some gaps and needs to look at. We definitely need a subject expert so business development, with this being a public, letting probably not real heavy on the business development. I'm able to go on and see everything that has happened in and around Atlanta. So probably not a real heavy lift. There strategic partners on design companies like black and beach Jacobson in my neck of the woods. We obviously know people there. So I would think that between all of us and everybody in this room, we're going to know the designers fairly easy really start a conversation

Unknown Speaker  45:50
the majority of the design build,

Speaker 15  45:53
I'd say, from one of the smaller jobs, 20 to 40, it's going to be the higher ed 200 $300 million jobs.

Unknown Speaker  46:03
Those are typically going progress.

Ryan Abbott  46:06
Let me just give you one other sub market in this is we're seeing in lots of places. Texas Instruments is a great example. Mike Brown is good example where the municipality says we can't deal with your we need you to recycle pretty much everything you've got onsite. So they're trying to get into that 80 to 90% recycle rate. And so they're only bringing back in on the industrial process on the front end, 10% 15% of the water use. And so there's another market in here that is basically being countered by the growth demand of the market versus what the public can provide. I

Speaker 14  46:48
think getting the tailored market approach, getting the right people involved. These water wastewater treatment plants aren't big teams. I think one of the biggest challenges plans is really the processing side. At the end of it, get it up and going. There are companies out here who specialize, Justin plant startups, making sure they get processed right, the boats, right,

Speaker 16  47:15
all those kind of good stuff. Are the clients on these projects, municipalities, or are they private developers that, then, you know, have lease arrangements or contracts with municipalities.

Speaker 11  47:27
There haven't been too many operator type facilities yet. There's a few, but it's mostly municipalities. You think about it, every time US has one of these plants, generally speaking, potable or, you know, sewer, I

Speaker 14  47:41
think some agreements with some municipalities don't have the funding of the money so large manufacturing opportunities, they can really lean on the manufacturing and, say, the investor of that client, that investment to upgrade the facility At the municipality, because

Speaker 16  48:01
So are these funded, like local bonds, for example, or do they need federal matching infrastructure funds? It's both.

Speaker 11  48:11
So the EPA, you know, the EPA pushes a lot of these new forever chemical production, whatever it may be. So the EPA funds a lot of it. You know, they're providing quals each one of these projects, but in the day, it's really down to the municipality to kind of pull all that funding together to make it all work.

Ryan Abbott  48:29
And then where you have a like an am core, like a large manufacturer stepping into a community that doesn't have it, they may even build the facility, but then it will be publicly operated. I Here,

Speaker 14  48:43
jumping into the revenue side. We took a approach, but a realistic approach, concrete strategies. We're diving into the market again, trying to dip our toes into the market and get some of that resume built up. And then here was a realistic approach in getting a small project in 27 start to understand, understand the resume working towards that probably first project, 60, 80 million, something like that to add.

Unknown Speaker  49:14
So it's very commonplace for there to be joint owners. So I would say, I think just

Unknown Speaker  49:30
thinking about my neighborhood, where they're doing

Speaker 15  49:34
those 100 plus million dollar jobs, they're all right now, they're all JV local, either earth or piping, plumber type company for the for the SEC. Power. So we're looking at the revenue. We're probably looking at, you know, it's a fraction, 50% or something, of what the revenue of the jobs,

Speaker 14  49:53
water, waste watering, is that, because it goes all over Ben for years. So being able to find the team that's a very special side market, especially if you like missing a very special market, especially, it took a lot of convincing and selling and stuff like that in order to prove that the company could do it where it's here little bit different, because the talent out there is a readily available jump down to typical services. My previous life, water, waste, water stuff. This is kind of typical on the concrete side of it, mechanical. I've got with them. We got some feedback on them, so kind of industry standard. But being able to stack that beak like we do gets into another slide that our show here in just

Ryan Abbott  50:39
a little bit, just just talking through how all of this works. There's certainly opportunities at every sort of layer inside of these facilities for the enterprise. There's even some expanded opportunities if, if you really wanted to kind of think strategically about it. These are all natural processes that are just being super injected, right? So like on the water waste treatment side of it, you're you're taking large volumes of waste, you're putting aerobic and anaerobic bacteria into it. You've got air injection, so you're getting a lot of oxygen to the process. So large pumps, large piping, large concrete vessels, right? So you can kind of see that it really lines up with the enterprise pretty well. The other thing is, it is a brute force science, so it's not it's not super complex. There are some controls to it, but they're mostly binary controls, where the process is working or it's not working. If it's not working, you just wait longer, right? I mean, it's not like there's a there's a downside to the risk. It's just a process flow that you're trying to match up on the engineering. I think the things that mostly here is reputation rule following being able to administer the site. Those are the things that are more complex, more on the administrative side of the business. But just talking through this market strategy, there's lots of entrance points, right? There's finding a technical project, and we follow it through the technical project and build a water waste treatment facility for them. There's taking the public route, where we have a regional relationship, we're partnering with a national firm that does that work, and figuring out how to get that done. There's, like, several places in our infrastructure that that would work. And then there's, there's what is happening right now organically, which is following the self perform work into it where you've got now the expertise to do the concrete basins, the volumes, and then you can get to the pumps, and, you know, work yourself through the opportunity. So there's several things here. There's also some strategic hybrid, you know, coming in and working on a brand new campus, perhaps even with a hyperscale data center where you work water use in data centers as a headline. Quite a while here, there's a moment here where they said, Hey, we're going to go the other direction. We're going to actually produce more water than right and finding that strategic opportunity and stepping into that space with a current client. So there's, there's a several opportunities here. We can do it at multiple scales in order to arrive at an outcome.

Speaker 14  53:23
And just a few minutes left to feed last two slides, we'll get a lot of numbers on here, but basically, in short, at the top up here, it shows CSI outside sales, and then the sales revenue here would be claycould moving through the next four years. This appendix, eight point appendix, a 3.3 is claycolic, basically a 3.3% mark up factory strategies for all of our self farm work. We're standing 10% on, sorry, 10.7 to 9.4 we looked at that. It's up a little bit higher. And I think the amount of work the concrete strategy is doing at 10% then as you come in with volume with Clayco, and you start ramping up that lower

Ryan Abbott  54:10
fee, it's the ratio between self perform revenue and Clayco revenue.

Unknown Speaker  54:16
Are those conservative?

Unknown Speaker  54:17
Because, yeah, they're not doing work.

Speaker 14  54:21
Yeah, that's why I did this. We took, we did a conservative approach, and then the appendix B is 7.0 sales earning, Delta difference, and then the change

Speaker 16  54:30
that it makes down at the bottom, you talked earlier about JV situations. These numbers reflect a JV arrangement, or the systems

Unknown Speaker  54:40
that it's just enterprise only

Unknown Speaker  54:44
take into account LJC revenue yet.

Speaker 14  54:47
Down here is the participation for LJC, CDC, Sei. We actually brought sei in back in 2030 so we got a big growth initiative right now that are doing so we didn't

John Cross  55:01
overload anybody. We're doing two very small wastewater treatment engineering efforts now for some of our food and beverage customers, we have good technology partnerships, awesome and FRC and a few others. The best

Speaker 17  55:13
way I've seen people get in is just following those engineers and engineering

Speaker 15  55:19
for context and feed. So knowing a couple people at Walsh, so sat down with them in January, and they were looking at all their major markets, and this market was head and shoulders above everything else, including data centers and everything else. So just on their just general fee, they were before their self form and everything else, they were over 4%

Ryan Abbott  55:45
and Ryan so McCarthy and PCL are on that bottom line right

Unknown Speaker  55:50
now you're probably looking at.

Speaker 15  55:56
So if we look at, we find out that we really have the amount of people mentioning there. We have the amount of people mentioning that we typically need on some of our jobs per person might

Unknown Speaker  56:16
just look phenomenal. We're not complicated. And then there's really a large power today.

Unknown Speaker  56:22
Potential tuition. Was the this was a long time ago, but Chad or the mills, you guys remember

Speaker 3  56:37
that Mountain Valley project that we did with the southeast southwest division? Of great water. The plant that McCarthy did in Southern California is a hard bit lump sum public project, and the estimate

Speaker 3  56:57
is terrible. So we do have to make sure that we understand the productivity is

Unknown Speaker  57:09
a lot of them should say a lot, but a

Speaker 14  57:10
good portion of the risk becomes the water waste water is because they're generally low line area next to rivers and stuff like that. So as you get into the deeper head works and things like that, deeper structure, you really got to play with the floor tables. So sometimes they'll have deporting wells and things around

Unknown Speaker  57:25
that river being low, we can

Speaker 14  57:27
go into a structure and come up out of it. So there's got to be a little bit of play with the coordination

Speaker 11  57:39
sequence only allowed market. And back in the 2008 time frame, some jobs they had 20 BIM. We're not going to do that, but I think focusing on the CMAR and design build opportunities to make sure that risk a long time

Unknown Speaker  57:59
based on the scale, what's, what's the driver of this website?

Speaker 11  58:08
They figured out the quality was a real problem, because they would get somebody work. So a lot of them CMAR qualifications, basically the site. But

Speaker 11  58:32
a lot of us negotiating now it's a public contract. Do

Anthony Johnson  58:41
this. The amount of work in place per year, like a $200 million job, and that's probably 1520

Speaker 18  58:54
minutes per day plan. That? Okay, we should,

Speaker 19  59:21
sir, all right. Good morning. Those of you I haven't had a pleasure meeting Ryan Johnson. I'm joined up here with my colleague, Jared bro hammer and Ryan Hankins, and we're going to spend 15 minutes on there more talking about solar and battery storage. So just a high level executive summary, the solar market and battery storage margin continues to be really strong for the next five to 10 years. Growth forecast by 2030 there's a 15 plus percent demand that's needed to be put on the grid. Last year, 43 gigawatts of solar was put on the grid. 35 of that was utility scale solar. So if you look at it from a market size perspective, that's about $35 billion of EPC work that was put in place on the utility scale market. Our business ramp ramp up strategy will be subcontract and transition into more self perform. A lot of the customers and clients do require a large percentage of self perform work to really drive the schedule. And then we're really going to target solar projects in the 100 to 300 megawatt size, and battery storage projects in the 400 megawatt hour plus size that's going to equate for the first couple years, and contract prices in that 75 to $300 million range. And then from a margin perspective, as we add more self performed content, that will increase. So start in that really 8% in a subcontracted delivery model, and then grow those profit margins. Gross margins to be 12% and for 2026 we're really targeting $200 million worth of sales, $20 million worth of revenue, and $1.4 million of gross profit. So when growing growing, the business really focused on bringing the right industry leaders into the organization to provide that resume. So we have added Travis livalli, Jared brohammer, Karen mckeelyn and Shawn Jackson. All these individuals have 10 plus years in the renewable space, and it's really a benefit to have that zipper approach with the with the customers, so we're communicating and have relationships at multiple different levels to allow us to secure these first couple projects this year. So a little bit about the market. So the last four quarters of new generation that's came online in the transmission system in the US, 80 plus percent of it has been solar and battery storage. We anticipate that those percentages to continue for the next three to five years. So great market. There are some emerging technologies that are coming, but most of those are more than five years out in the generation Q.

Speaker 20  1:02:28
So customers, so customers that we're targeting are what we would call, I mean, the standard customers for this market, their developers who are leasing the land 2030 years and then selling the power to utilities. They're typically called independent power producers. IPPS, they're long term operators of most of those facilities, some of them are on the utility side, like nexteras invenergies, and then you can see some of our customers kind of up on top. Forward looking are the hyperscalers that we're doing data centers and other work with right now those hyperscalers are they have virtual PPAs with our current customers on buying power. Future growth is that they're looking to co locate generation on their campuses, whether it's solar, storage or other forms of power generation. So working with them on building that on their campuses, and those would be large scale projects. So like Ryan talked about the 100 megawatt to 300 megawatt solar projects, these could be gigawatt size projects.

Speaker 19  1:03:59
So we see in the next few years, quite a bit of synergy where it's not these customers, these hyperscale ARs are the customers of our traditional IPPs through virtual PPAs. But we're seeing companies like Google that has acquired intersect power, one of our potential customers. So there's going to be a more integrated approach here in the future.

Ryan Abbott  1:04:20
Yeah, just a majority of that power that's showing up on the grid is being purchased by these green energy credits already. So that infrastructure already exists and that thinking already exists, and now it's just going direct and connecting those two dots.

Speaker 20  1:04:37
So similar to ENR kind of puts out there like top contractors list. So in the solar market, solar power world has a similar list of top EPC contractors. So what we're looking at with kind of our growth over the next couple years, we would actually quickly fall within the top 20 contractors, and could easily, easily be a little bit higher, depending on the size of projects that we we get into. Ryan also showed that graph on the the scale and how much generation of solar is being put in reason for that is right now, solar is the quickest new generation that can be built. So you can build a solar project and get it online, producing power quicker than anything else right now. So this shows kind of a typical schedule for 100 150 megawatt solar project. So little bit of time for the pursuit preconstruction. So the design process about a year, and then construction will be 1216, months. And Brian kind of showed, kind of the cost or the revenue on a typical like project 70 to 150 million, we can typically do that so on the construction site, Supervisory wise, it'll be a team of maybe eight people onsite

Speaker 19  1:06:34
in the solar EPC and battery storage EPC space. There are some additional risks to get those higher returns and margins. A couple of those are availability tests and performance tests at the end of project. At its core, we are building and delivering a simplistic power plant. So availability test is making sure the plant is operational for, you know, a period of seven to 30 days, and then we turn over the keys to the customer and hand over that care, capacity control. From a performance test perspective, same type of deal duration, about seven to 30 days. We're testing the plants output compared to the expected engineered output. We have abilities to put risk mitigation factors in that build some what I call performance contingency to ensure that we're not putting the company at financial risk, or at the end the project have to pay any any damages. But yeah, a couple of risks there.

Ryan Hankins  1:07:33
Then, from a risk standpoint, I mean, civil is one of the bigger risks on these type of projects. So everything from topology of the existing site. Typically, it's either a heavily wooded it's a farm, it's farmland that probably has crop on it. So there's, there's some due diligence to go in, get everything cleared out, and then do a rescan, just to make sure we're starting from ground zero. The subsurface risk, you know, geotech report, depending on how complex it is, there could be an argument to get in early and go do additional subsurface investigation just to make sure we're starting off on the right foot, just the civil work in general. I mean, typically you go with the local civil they understand the ground a little bit better. Traveling outside of town is a little bit more difficult.

Speaker 19  1:08:23
From the financial projection perspective, really by 2030 our goal is to have this be a $500 million business. As you can see, the gross margins will start smaller and grow as we add self perform capabilities and additional services in the future, but really start in that 9% gross margin range, and then grow it over the next few years to 10 15% and then this is kind of a depiction of that delivery model as we'll start with more self subcontracted scopes. You know, in that 8% margin area, add self perform capabilities over the next two years, where we'll reside at 10 plus

Speaker 7  1:09:14
Ryan on the self perform side. What does that look like? What is

Speaker 19  1:09:18
Yeah, so the our first targeted self performed skills will be driving piles. So like highway piles, driving piles, assembling the tracker system that tracks the sun east to west, and then installing the modules. Those are all very labor intensive, easier skills to self perform very tight manufacturing type installation, and then we'll bring in the electrical capabilities.

Speaker 7  1:09:45
So on the self performer, we're looking to use that through one of the entities, the existing entities. Or are you looking to stand up labor? Talk about words, where does the labor placed?

Speaker 19  1:09:58
Yeah, typically it'll be standing up internally without a specialized entity, because a lot of those labor individuals will be hired locally. Well, we will have a base of travelers that will be able 10 to 20% of the workforce that will travel around the country, that have been in the industry, that can really drive the efficiency, safety and quality, but about 80% will be local labor that will will hire. No, they're not really involved, even in union or non union environment, they have chosen not to be involved. Typically, trades are operators, laborers and electricians, not not in suburban areas, usually 30 to two hours away from an airport, but rural areas, because most of these projects are, you know, 800 to 2000 acres in size.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:55
Is the plan to stay out of union

Speaker 19  1:10:58
areas, not necessarily the union areas in the miso territory, which is the Midwest territory, is a booming market. So in a union environment, we will plan to negotiate project labor agreements. And have been very successful over the last few years of negotiating that with the laborers, electrician for the operators.

Speaker 20  1:11:19
I mean to me, Conor, our first project is hoping to break ground here later this year. It's Gotion. It's would be battery storage. It's just south of Chicago. Yeah, 18 months

Speaker 16  1:11:40
that in the last 18 months or so that there's headwinds on federal funding in the solar space, that withdrawal, support, administration, etc, and how that may or may not be impacting this

Unknown Speaker  1:11:55
market, yeah, and what the source of private funding is.

Speaker 19  1:11:59
So being in the industry for the last nearly 20 years, there's always been headwinds and tailwinds and policy changes. Seems to happen every two to four years. Regardless of those policy changes, it's a very resilient market, and the owners are able to modify the PPA prices and take those back to the end users because of the need for power demand, they're always able to kind of figure it out there. Sometimes can be pausing periods or slow times, but it always re picks back up. And regardless of if the policy is that maybe not favorable to solar, we're seeing the benefits. We're seeing the results here is the last four quarters. That's what's getting put on the on the on the grid, because that's the most cost effective and easiest to deploy from

Speaker 20  1:12:49
a scheduled perspective, and actually at periods of time where we see maybe the administration is not favoring solar, that's where we actually see, within The market, the highest innovation to really drive the cost, the capex, cost of solar, down, to be more efficient, to get through those times. So it's really helped the solar market. They call it the solar coaster. It's just the market going up and down. It's really helped it again, be the quickest and the lowest cost of energy,

Speaker 19  1:13:23
even with the tariffs in place right now, as it stands, it's still the most cost competitive. Yep. Why don't you talk

Ryan Hankins  1:13:29
about a little bit about contract format and contract format and how self perform? Because the way you guys look at it is a little bit different than, I think, how we look at it.

Speaker 19  1:13:39
Yeah, the contracts are a turnkey lump sum EPC agreement. So engineering, procurement and construction, the owners typically provide the modules, main power transformers and any other long lead items, everything else we procure. So, yeah, and everything else we package under our contract, and then driving the schedule is something the owners are really looking at to us to provide, and they want to see that value for us self, performing as much

Speaker 20  1:14:15
labor as possible. So getting back to that lump sum, I mean, our customers will never see our fee. So there's that, see Correct? I mean, it's, it's a true lump sum. So if we say, hey, there's a 10% fee at the at the bottom line, that's or more, that's, we only see

Ryan Abbott  1:14:38
that and downstream on, just on performance like so. So if you don't reach the threshold of the engineering standard, you just put in more right until you beat it like, that's how the that's how the science behind

Speaker 19  1:14:52
it are we looking at solar on buildings too. We're just looking at, no, we're really only looking at utility scale, ground mounted, 100 megawatt plus sword.

Speaker 20  1:15:01
But I know, I mean, since I've been involved, I've had Paul and some of the others that have projects, that have rooftop or ground mount, that have reached out and asked me questions, because I've done some rooftops, I've done some cardboards and stuff like that. So it's not something we're pursuing, but I would say we're we have some experience in those markets, and we're able to help elsewhere, even on the substation side and stuff like that. I mean, it's not something that we're going out, but we're helping in other areas for for that market, if

Speaker 19  1:15:38
you have a customer that needs support, we're happy to help. We've done it. It's just hard for an organization to be focused on large scale projects and small scale projects. And it doesn't really pencil financially, because it's a much lower dollar margin per MTE.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:00
Yep, that's something you guys can do. Yeah, absolutely.

Ryan Abbott  1:16:17
More electrical, I'll say, from my opinion, a lot of them have backed up on solar and headed into data right? That's, I mean, that's what's happening right now. It's providing an opportunity.

Speaker 19  1:16:28
Yeah, it's a little it's a low barrier of entry into the solar market. A lot of utilities are very active, and electrical contractors have been very active. But they are, like Ryan said, diversifying and going more in the data center space, because what they have realized is their electrical contractor is at their core, and not true EPCs that can manage the whole project, and they've taken on some difficult projects. It's a lot easier for them to be a specialized subcontractor, to get 15%

Ryan Hankins  1:17:00
also, the design partners are typically different than what you see in the building side. Like we're working with a couple of firms that they're trying to get in some of the building sectors. And so there's some good partnerships you've been trying to build there. The electricians are the one, just as you pointed out, yeah, they're on that list, but it's market

Speaker 21  1:17:22
development. It seems like we all here, but our personnel that we have to stand on the team to do one of these projects is way more translatable than some of the other businesses that we're looking at. So speed of getting a team in place, and you know, it's not as high of a barrier, I would think, for the subject matter expert aspect of

Speaker 3  1:17:49
it, you need to understand productivity, though correctly. That's the biggest aspect. So the project managers, the superintendents. We don't necessarily focus a lot of that on our jobs. But for this, it's all about productivity.

Speaker 20  1:18:03
And on productivity, we don't talk man hours, we talk seconds. So how many seconds to install a module, how many seconds to drive a pile? How many seconds to install racking? So if you're not on a daily track in your productions, you could on 100 megawatt project, if you're not up to date it for a week or two like you could have totally messed up your your man hours. So Ben, having that visibility on the daily with your crews and setting the expectations is really, really important.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:37
So gas turbines

Speaker 19  1:18:44
as well. Not recently. It's been quite a while, and as you kind of look at that generation profile, it's not a huge market. So that's really the driver there. But we are seeing some hybrid solutions, solar, storage and gas, you know, for hyper and best, all the above kind of come into play, especially as some of the gas turbines are coming down in size and being more deployable. So we do see that as an emerging market, probably in the next few years, coming

Speaker 19  1:19:21
out. Agreed, sure, yeah, and we're seeing more natural gas in lieu of the SMRs. I think the SMRs are probably more 510, years out, but natural gas will be there

Ryan Abbott  1:19:33
and in your and in your world, I see it also solving for the chilled water. Would be like a closed loop system. This is like, is the generational power, yeah. But I as it privatizes, I think you do both. When you turn a wheel, you're going to get both things for SDI

Speaker 13  1:19:53
insurance and other things.

Speaker 19  1:20:01
Yep. SDI will be an opportunity. LJC will be starting with third party engineering. So if they would like to, you know, still perform the engineering, there's opportunity there. So there's other services that can be involved as well. Yes, some. So that's where we're looking to where the right relationships exist between the engineered equipment that really drives the performance that we need to procure right out of the gate versus the commodity

Speaker 20  1:20:32
type items. Because a lot of a lot of the EPC like, they're going straight to the inverter manufacturer, the ranking manufacturers, so they're not typically paying a another fee. So I built many

Speaker 19  1:20:47
gig AWS, four and a half giga watts with battery storage projects.

Speaker 18  1:20:52
Okay, this was a huge win already. Okay, let's switch over to

Unknown Speaker  1:20:59
aviation. Definitely

Unknown Speaker  1:21:14
see how we've covered water the sun, and

Speaker 13  1:21:18
now we're covering the air. I

Speaker 22  1:21:28
see good morning high power group here working on aviation. So excited to present our ideas to you. So back in 20 honestly, before I even came and that was when she won the work at O'Hare the Ord 21 work was kind of instrumental, and Clayco reaching out to me, bringing me on board, and trying to start and grow this business. The big challenge is, and we'll talk about this a little bit more is that this is kind of a high barrier to entry business. It's similar to sports. You have to have that track record, you have to have that expertise, which very heavily quals based in terms of selection. And so we kind of looked at points of entry into the market. Right when we define the market here, it was somewhat defined around, well, how can we get into this space? And that's, that's those three areas up on top. First is, you know, public airport construction, and that's divided into two subgroups. One is large, large project to infectious Well, we can rely on a partner that has strong aviation resume experience, and then we could be the local partner. Frankly, that's what happened at O'Hare. AECOM hunt came in Clayco was local to the market through the partner here. That's actually the product of that on the left there, the new satellite one concoors that we're building with them out at O'Hare, also here at Lamarck, similar situation. Where we could be a local partner, AECOM hunt brought to aviation, and then also smaller regional air force, where we could sort of, you know, stretch our own individual expertise, our understanding of the market, and be a leader and go in and win that market where you had diminished competition, additionally air carrier construction projects. So that would be where we could build a relationship with delta or United or southwest, and maybe again, sort of blur our own experience and build a relationship and get into the market for that fashion. And finally, aviation support facilities, hangers, mros, those sorts of things, and that's really where we could leverage clayco's other experience in industrial and large building construction, where there's some similarities between the project types, where you could maybe find entry here in terms of key drivers and trends in the market. You know, one thing that's really interesting right now that we're doing here at lamart or looking at here in Lamar is the modular approach, right? And that's a really interesting way of leveraging a lot of our different enterprise services to help put that modular approach together. So we're excited about that, and that's already happening at BMW and Atlanta, and we're excited about that opportunity here to build our own individual resume. Also up gaging is a really important thing, and that's something I think that not a lot of people fully understand. Regional jets, the smaller jets, are highly inefficient, and air carriers are looking to save those out. And there's a ripple effect as that happens across airport facilities. Hold rooms are no longer big enough. You know, through ways, passageways are no longer big enough. Concession spaces aren't big enough. And what it does is it creates this ripple effect that necessitates newer and larger facilities across the country, and then finally our current presence. So over the course of the last four years, we've grown what was really sort of small, incremental work out at O'Hare, a little bit of infrastructure work into about $5 billion worth of business across the country. Now that's that's our total share, including our joint venture partners. Our portion of that is about $2 billion right now. So we're really excited about that. The challenge is that we and between that and our regional airport work that establishes a platform right, that we can then go out and win more work right, that we can potentially go out and win, win more projects. But we need three to five similar projects to be able to compete, really, on quals across the country, on these projects. So that kind of brings us to the competitive landscape, yeah, and as we look at

Speaker 23  1:25:41
our competition, the first group there on the top left are National Aviation leaders. Those are the companies like us that will travel to regions outside their geographic presence, you know, away from where their offices are, and build projects out in the middle of nowhere. And you can see AECOM Hunt is up there, big aviation resume, as Ryan talked about at the life science presentation yesterday, as Matt mentioned, they're also a great JV partner of ours that's translated to other markets and also looking at other aviation projects across the country. The Select aviation players, the strong regional ones, those are VCs that have very strong aviation resumes tend to stay in their own geographic. Part is a great example of that strong presence and strong resumes in LA Phoenix, Atlanta, but really won't go and do things like what we're doing in Idaho, for example. And what wins aviation work. It's the resumes, just like most markets, and just like some of our other key markets, it's very specific owners want to see those aviation projects on company resumes and on individual resumes, establishing those airport authority relationships. Airport authorities are public for the most part, and the contracts vary wildly from doing to very bad, so it's really the pre sale and getting our foot in the door to talk to those folks. So we get invited to the table, and then, of course, transitions into competition mode, and the air carry relationships, however are private, so they can award however they want to award. So those relationships are key to actually getting to work, program project teams, of course, that's individuals and companies. Our company building a resume of Clayco Aviation projects, and those teams can go build other aviation projects.

Ryan Abbott  1:27:31
One other thing I'll point out is for a deputy director to become a director, they have to move to another airport. And so if you've got a reference from down, they carry you with them.

Speaker 22  1:27:42
That's right, it's a very it's a very insular world. I mean, there's like three trade groups that are just airport executives right across the country, and they they came back and forth between different airports, and they do bring their guys with them, and they also know each other really well. So a bad job, a good job, really resonates across this entire market growth forecast. It's a, it's a great, sizable public market, right? An annuity market as well to $18 billion in annual vertical aviation construction, about six to $10 billion of that is delivered using CMAR risk for progressive design build. You have federal funding that stabilizes a lot of these long term capital programs, gives them an additional sort of juice. Most of it's funded through rates and charges, which is basically bonding off of the fees that the airlines pay to fly into those airports. And in terms of emerging sub markets, right? We talked a little bit about terminal replacements driven by up gaging and just general growth. And actually, there are still sort of rippling effects coming out of covid in terms of the way people are traveling and where they're traveling, and just generally, travel more. There are emerging sub markets as well. You know, cargo contracts airline mros Then, sorry, there's a lot of acronyms MRO is, are basically the facilities that repair, do heavy repair to cargo planes and passenger aircraft across the country, and then also developer driven hangar projects. So one thing about aviation market, and one thing that I think makes it a little bit different for Clayco, is it is predominantly a public market, right? And, you know, a lot of these public clients feel a real public policy imperative to maximize participation from local subcontractors. And it's a challenge when it comes to our, you know, vertical integration, our fee staff, and one of the things we've tried to do is is socialize the idea of self performance, and trying to come up with some reasons why it makes sense for a public client to maybe, you know, tamp down a little bit that public policy imperative to have just local subcontractors doing 100% of the work. And what we found is there's a really receptive mark out there, and more so than I even thought, coming from other companies, traditional contractors that don't do a lot of self performance. Now, in the context of some of the larger work that we've seen and some of the other fee stacks that Clayco As a company, has with their private clients, that number on the right may not look great my contacts and seeing you know, public airport work that's pretty remarkable. I think we're only scratching the surface of this. I think that there's more potential to grow that further if we precondition clients that actually, you know, Conor was really helpful during negotiation in terms of, you know, showing the client our

Speaker 22  1:31:02
different services to back, stop the local market, right, deliver critical material on time, the context of supply chain shortages and those sorts of things, and also up front in terms of design, assist in the progressive sort of delivery methods that they Like anyway, using some of our partners to help enhance that delivery, as opposed to being contrary to what they're trying to accomplish. There's one other

Ryan Abbott  1:31:28
space in here, like Lamar is a really good example, where the principal designer and engineers says, Great, modular, whatever you guys want to do it that's means and methods don't bother me with the details, right? I mean, essentially. And so there is this really neat design opportunity in amongst the modular build, especially when we're talking about these terminals and gateways and other things. That introduces another layer in here that is pretty exciting, yeah.

Speaker 22  1:31:59
And I think a huge opportunity, right? So we're kind of, you know that number is subject to change on the far right. We still have to go through the procurement process. We still have to get a lot of these things, get final approval through the owner. And I think that actually there's room to go up from there, frankly, especially as Ryan said, developing the modular design and trying to sell some additional services as a part of that. I think there's, there's some real opportunity in that space. So what you see here, in terms of our revenue projections are starting here at the left. This is just Clayco construction in terms of total revenue down the middle, and that's just sales revenue from Clayco construction across the top, but we have the energy enterprise margin across the bottom, and this on the left here is really driven by most of our current work being the O'Hare legacy work right where, you know, we have a 2018 deal. It was pretty narrowly drawn without a lot of enterprise staff opportunities, without great insurance opportunities. And as we move to the right here and that click, that coherent work kind of falls behind us, and the Lamar

Unknown Speaker  1:33:13
work starts to take over,

Speaker 22  1:33:15
we have more and more enterprise enhancement opportunities. And I'm actually hopeful that we can, you know, as we add to new work and grow that even further.

Speaker 23  1:33:25
And of course, as we build our resume, we get more selective on the work that we go after the types of procurement, CM at risk or progressive.

Speaker 22  1:33:33
And that's actually one more thing. We act because of points of entry opportunities and the markets where we play, and the markets that currently do progressive design build, we haven't had a lot of great progressive design build opportunities thus far. I think that, you know, as we look at SFO, as we look at Tampa International, Nashville, Orlando, you know, the airports that do a lot of progressive design build, and find the right partners to maybe get in in those spaces, and we can start to leverage our design partners. I think that that could be, you know, a further enhancement opportunity. So this is a little bit of a summary here. But you know, again, this in the context, especially of public procurement is a higher margin opportunity, right? In general, you know, I regularly see Hansel Phelps, you know, get margins and state fees in the four and a half percent range, right? Because their quals are so strong that even if there is a fee component, they can get much higher fees on their work. We would like to get into that space right, build a resume and be able to get those kind of fees with these projects. I again surprised at the openness in the market to sell performance, which is exciting, and we're going to try and roll that out here at Lamarck. You know, the JV strategy, which we've kind of touched on a little bit, where we can team up. We're looking at some work in Greenville right now, where we have a local presence right and they've got a half a billion dollar program coming up that could be another opportunity for us to team up with a big, large National Aviation builder and build resume those three to five projects which are so critical through some of the work there. And then, you know, this is, this is a tougher been a tougher nut to crack, and that's the support facilities. A lot of that does feel very commoditized, right? So a lot, you know, I just want to be completely open. We believe that there's a market in there where there is some relationship based selections and less commoditization of those of those builders. We like to explore that more, because there is a really nice opportunity to sell our industrial expertise on some of these large scale projects on that work. So we're continuing to look at that because the primary work we really feel, I think, is inside

Unknown Speaker  1:35:51
of the terminal space.

Conor Tighe  1:35:55
So this may be more of a pat question, but I saw Turner and Walsh made killings on taxiway work just, just, and then eventually moved to runway. And I know that's a stepping stone, but it was, you know, you're talking 10 plus percent margin, even at the JC level, before he went down. Yeah, I don't know if that's on,

Unknown Speaker  1:36:23
but could be on the long term radar. I mean, currently here, like in St Louis, millstone Weber kind of has a strangle hold on that market. Now we can certainly try to ease into

Unknown Speaker  1:36:33
it, figure it out, but it's very meticulous.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:38
It is you start on taxi way, yeah,

Speaker 13  1:36:44
yeah, and they require the plans to be right there, yep. I mean, we did the taxiway at O'Hare really well.

Speaker 24  1:36:55
What about baggage handling systems and Sei involvement?

Speaker 22  1:36:59
So, so So baggage and systems are a really terrific niche, right? And I, like a lot, there's a couple of like, designers that really specialize in that space. And they're obviously vendors that specialize in that space. You know, vanderlandy Siemens, those guys really have a on lock. And then there's also, even beyond that, there's like the control systems like rock that do the control systems for those for that equipment. That would be something that I'd want to talk about, because honestly, I think that, you know, there's, it's such a small group of competitors, right, that there could be an opportunity to get into that space. Now, those guys are also kind of, they're pretty good partners for us, right? So we got to be careful about how we navigate all that, because they do bring us some opportunities as well. But I think that there's, there's definitely some, and

Speaker 23  1:37:55
those of course, have heavy electrical and mobile infrastructure as well, so that can be the bridge to get into.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:00
Actually, got a lot of good relationships with the vendors

Speaker 17  1:38:04
in that industry. As we as we drift away from the JV in this sector, what the plan is, what I heard right there, probably need a strategy of how, like an ADA and safety program as well, because that's a whole different ball game. And if we're JV partners right now, we're probably kind of sucked up underneath what their program is, and the development of that drew is, you know, being able to pitch that out of like a sales pitch is gonna be huge.

Speaker 22  1:38:34
And all of these clients are looking for, and some of them up front actually are looking for aviation security plans, right and security plans right as part of the project. And actually this is happening in real time right now at O'Hare the market in terms of available and aviation safety personnel is so thin that hunt has come to us and said, We can't find anybody. We need somebody from you. So I think we actually have somebody internally. I have to talk. I need to talk to Ben Sanders about that we actually do have somebody with some aviation experience internally

Speaker 17  1:39:09
that we may be the lead on that Conor white line work in our needs. Absolutely. The other thing is, just, have you guys considered any federal work? So right now, it's a pain you have, but it's good margin.

Speaker 22  1:39:22
Yeah, and we're looking at so the tower work through the FAA is a really interesting niche. There's only, like, four or five guys that do it, and it's all lump sum design, build, right high margin work. It's direct for the FAA. You have to be careful. It's similar to core work. Or there's some FAA guys, you want more Garner and some that you don't, right? So we're trying to get a little bit more knowledgeable about it before we pitch it to a larger group.

Speaker 23  1:39:47
And their cookie cutter projects are designed to build one some but they're all the same, except for the geotech report, basically location because

Speaker 17  1:39:53
White Sands a few years ago, we're building drill and deployment runways out middle of nowhere.

Speaker 7  1:40:00
Yeah, what is prohibiting the gaps? Indeed, what is prohibiting us from finding that talent?

Speaker 22  1:40:09
You know, I'm not, I'm not sure. It's nothing that that Frank and his team haven't tried to do. I mean, honestly, it's really hard to buy those folks away from other companies and they're expensive, right? A lot of guys are expensive, and we've had a couple of folks that, you know, when we got into salary needs, it hasn't penciled out. You know, one of the things we're talking about now is a pivot, but it requires, sort of like filtering them through our large sub projects for a little while, is some health care folks, right? Because healthcare is, we didn't really get into all the different sort of complexities of this work. You know, you have air carriers that are the Jeff that keep happy. You have the FAA and the TSA. You have the CBP operation, yep, concessionaires, right? You know, you have guys selling T shirts and statues of liberty, like down the hall from your project, right? They want to stay in business, so you have all of these different competing interests. Well, healthcare is kind of similar, and we've had some success with those folks, but I we need, you know, a real strategy, I think, around adding ADA just brought on a px 20 years, and I'm excited about that too.

Ryan Abbott  1:41:21
Mike, several of them are interested. They're like, but what am I going to work on? Yeah, starts, you know, several months away, they go like, Oh, I'm going to work on that. Okay, so that's part of it, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 22  1:41:38
So there's a guy, Clint Wood, who works for us now. It was a project director on the satellite at O'Hare. We tried to get him for years, came over from working with Skanska. So when we had satellite too, he was willing to make the job.

Speaker 6  1:41:52
Hey, Ryan, can you elaborate on the modular? Are you still building the components, kind of like we did in clay Clayton with the one day bridge, building it down the runway and moving it machines. Elaborate on that, because I don't

Speaker 22  1:42:05
think people really, yeah, so, so one of the, one of the challenges, especially when you're when you're building new concourses or replacing concourses, is all of the stuff you find underneath, right? So one of the ways we've tried to mitigate, you know, unsuitable soils, conduit, jet fuel, all the stuff that you find when you're when you're putting in new foundations for your new concoors is building it elsewhere, building those structures elsewhere. So we're literally looking at building 120 foot by 220 foot components of the concoors, and then moving them across the runway overnight, using the move, you know, the big crawler machines, and then, and then, you know, putting them in place on the foundations that have already been set. And it's something that they've done at DFW. It's something that they've done on Atlanta. And we think it's the future

Unknown Speaker  1:42:59
of this business. We'll get save schedule wise, honestly.

Speaker 22  1:43:03
So I mean, we believe that the modular versus a conventional build approach, not because of the first phase of the work, right, but because the second phase of the work. So you can keep you can keep building while you're finishing this up over here, and before you start on the next concourse. We think it saves us, like, 14 months.

Ryan Abbott  1:43:24
Big thing, though, is think of, think of going to work, and you're having to pass through secured barrier, you're having to be back, you like, you get to take all of that and do it somewhere else, right? And so I think logistically, from a quality, from all of that, you're getting something that's far superior.

Speaker 16  1:43:42
Is that monumental build right there, like at the O'Hare property, but like off to the side, or is it actually somewhere else, and it has to be brought down Highway?

Speaker 22  1:43:53
So no, it's basically it's going to go, just go across taxiways and runways to get over there it is on the Lamarck facility. Basically, they've got a space where there were hangers so and those hangers have been torn down on that site has been unused for probably 2530 years, and we're negotiating with them right now to be able to use that space. So the additional cost is you do have to build hemp foundations right while you build these modules, and the savings is 14 months of general conditions at a minimum of 100 person construction.

Ryan Abbott  1:44:33
You carve that space out from the airport so it's like the outside. Yeah, so it's not secure. Let me last question for aviation, and then I want to get through the other groups real quick. Let me start Lamar.

Speaker 22  1:44:52
So currently construction starts our most updated, 27 right? So we would like to maybe start at the end of this year, if we can convince them to let us take down Conor speed first. But we have to come up with a plan to move their radio room and their communications up in there. And, you know, there's also some enabling work that's not us, right? They've got to, they're going to reactivate deep you know, I don't

Unknown Speaker  1:45:20
know if you guys know when you walk, if you ever

Speaker 22  1:45:23
fly, American Conor, she is the one down the hall there with the drywall blocking

Unknown Speaker  1:45:29
it off so that can reopen

Speaker 22  1:45:30
and and that enables us to take down Conor. But right now, that's not in our scope, but it might be

Ryan Abbott  1:45:42
okay. All right, let me get through any of the thoughts that you've got on these and thank you guys. Let's

Ryan Abbott  1:45:55
do like we did yesterday, and just take these one at a time thoughts, things you've been marinating on here from a sports and entertainment standpoint, questions that you've got for that team. I think the most exciting part about where sports and entertainment is today is this district fan experience right where you're almost building a town around this medium, and then the activation of these spaces are major music venues, traveling show like you get all sorts of really neat sort of public interaction with these spaces, which turns them into these Pretty, let's say, economic engines, right for any place?

Conor Tighe  1:46:42
Yeah. CRG question on those spaces, are you? Are you looking at any development opportunities so that we sort of say, hey, we can do the stadium, but we are also have a development engine that can look at helping you. We haven't, at least, depending on Indiana. Don't buy a lot of land in India, it's cheaper. But

Speaker 1  1:47:12
I think it's a future opportunity, by the way. I think we probably should sit down if this is strategic. I think it's the right idea. Yeah, Brian said it's big districts.

Ryan Abbott  1:47:21
The thing that is most intriguing to me, too is the future heads of them. I'm not interested in this business and what they've been traditionally, but if you sort of look forward and think of them as this economic engine, this ecology of things that we do, take master planning, take multiple bills happening concurrently, take a lot of concrete, right? And you start getting pretty it's really exciting, right? And if you wanted, like, just a little teaser of it, look at what's happened around so far as an example, it's taken longer than, I think what the future tends to this is, but it's a lot of opportunities, okay? Small, just semiconductor thoughts,

Ryan Hankins  1:48:03
questions, curiosity. So thoughts on like semiconductors and wastewater treatment. And then when you look at like those two together, it looks like the resources could potentially, like you hire somebody, maybe for the semiconductor market, but they also help us out in the wastewater treatment market. The same way you look at like aviation and sports and entertainment, not saying those are the same at all, but they're, they're world class facilities. So I think, from a resource standpoint, like some of this expertise hopefully is able to merge over multiple sectors we're trying to get into, versus just hiring for one sector and trying to build that. What's the idea on the

John Cross  1:48:40
design side, at least, you know, if we get mechanical engineers that are well versed in clean room design, they can do life science work, they can do semiconductor work, they can do battery and other type work. So there's for sure, crossover on that side of things.

Speaker 25  1:48:54
It's considered user experience like a terminal sports entertainment. It's all the same from design to engineering standpoint, but it's the same SME.

Speaker 1  1:49:02
I So one simple question, the semiconductors, maybe they're missing correctly. Are you guys excited? Are you more nervous?

Ryan Hankins  1:49:12
Yes, I'm excited.

Speaker 11  1:49:16
We're definitely excited. It's just with the current trades, it's just going to take a little bit longer to take a little bit longer to get there. I think, unless we can go ahead

Unknown Speaker  1:49:27
and hire those you know, we have this one

Unknown Speaker  1:49:28
opportunity with development fat

Unknown Speaker  1:49:30
that might be an interesting step, right?

Ryan Abbott  1:49:34
You know what? I think I would answer this this way, if you looked at that market four years ago. Three years ago, it was unparalleled. Build, build, build, figure out how to get these stats up and running. And then there was this really interesting pause with the chips act that kind of sent us all back where we were, like it wasn't clear where the funding, where the partnership, was going to be how we were going to onshore a lot of the technology. But you were now like, if you look at what TSMC is doing the supply chain, it's creating the United States for lots of global reasons, political and otherwise, you know, they're, they're talking about 10 fabs alone in Arizona, and then downstream of them, there's all of the test and bump facilities, there's all of the integration facilities, there's all so you can kind of see a wave of that happening and on shoring that technology. I think that's the part Michael has been like. We know that there's more of it in the future. We know it's going to be an integral part of what robotics, what compute needs. It's going to be part of that ecosystem. It's just like figuring out how it was going to happen, happen like and where the investment should occur from us, right? I think that's what we're still on the threshold of.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:53
Are those adjacent type facilities?

Unknown Speaker  1:50:57
Yes, they fit kind of who we are,

Speaker 7  1:51:00
as it stand right now. Marty, margin is lucrative, maybe not as semiconductor, but it's the board relationship. So how do you, how do you get into that space?

Ryan Abbott  1:51:12
It'd be part of the vendor bill that goes with it. That's something highly triggering, like if we looked at what map Development Innovation Center around CMC

Speaker 7  1:51:27
engineering. Why would we be developed, I guess. Why wouldn't we be thinking of that from a development space to be driving that support infrastructure for the end users?

Ryan Abbott  1:51:39
Yeah, I think, I think the opportunity is doing build to suit off books for one of these organizations that has in their agreement. I think that's like the transaction. I

Speaker 26  1:51:58
had a question on this. I mean, a lot of exciting stuff, obviously, the five year forecasts that show you know what's possible. We hire the right people and learn the right work. How much of that? And maybe a question for Bret and Tom LANSON, like, how much of that do we count on in our five year business forecast? Or is this just like, hey, we're considering this? Is there a balance or and how does that then convert to our kind of operation structure for growth, right? If, if CDC turned into a billion dollars, each of these couple subsets here turn into a billion dollars. How does that all marry together? Kind of just educate the group.

Anthony Johnson  1:52:41
I'll answer that actually don't mind. The answer is, it changes almost every day. I mean, honestly, the world changes every day, the market changes every day, the outlooks change every day, the pace of business growth changes every day. And it's like our financial modeling, which is why what Tom talked about yesterday is so important. I mean, it is a continuously iterative process. You know, we're always reforecasting balance of the year, five year forecast based on, you know, you know, even just take within a product type. So like, like, within compute, for example. Like last year we pivoted to, you know, our strategy to say, okay, you know, we're going to do 90% direct end user, 10% developer growth like that was a big change in our work, in our forecast. Likewise, you know, we had model loud, you know, like, like, manufacturing kind of went through an industry reset, you know, with everything that happened last year with tariffs and whatever, and so like, when all of that happens, we're always rebuilding the forecast out, and we're also always pushing ourselves to say, you know, how can we always get better? How can we always find more ways to do more with less of what we've done right now, we're going to talk, like, for example, with somebody from your team later today about how we really lean in to drive the growth margin on the projects that we're doing right now. If we can affect that, it kind of, you know, takes away the, you know, the need to push on the top end growth, and that's really the main objective of our business, is to say, how can we be more efficient driver and more services and not be focused on topic? The other thing too, part of the reason we're analyzing these new markets, I kind of mentioned this briefly yesterday, but you know, as you look at how the company has evolved and is continuing to evolve, there's the ways you drive that higher gross margin are, number one, you build in differentiated markets. You heard a lot today where people said, There's not many people that play in this space. Or you also drive and or you drive more services to those projects. And so you notice that, you know, our strategy has evolved a lot in the last two years to where, like, the amount of work we're doing at SLU, for example, here in St Louis or other universities, is a lot less today than it was like strategically, we're focusing on those types of projects and on resident projects where we have an office, great local projects, but there are more players in that space. Some of those work for developers, Sorry, Steve, developers other than CRC on the residential side. So, so we're trying to figure out and think through, like, what do we replace some of that with higher mark of work down the road? And also, you know, cycles come and go all the time. So if we think about not just in a year, but in five years, like where we want that backlog filled to be built by, we want it to be

Unknown Speaker  1:55:52
built by more of the differentiated work than

Anthony Johnson  1:55:55
the typical commercial construction type work. So that's what we're trying to think through here. And that's, it's just an evolving process that makes sense.

Ryan Abbott  1:56:04
I think the mind shift too, is, it's all an am, right? If you can get really good at modular and ADA modular to feed back into almost any otter, right? So it's like, think about the synergies in between all of these. That's, I think, the most, okay, I'm right on time. Should we take a break? We

Unknown Speaker  1:56:41
wouldn't need any more, but

Unknown Speaker  1:56:52
there are 10 million Tom.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai