Speaker 1  00:00
Sun, green field here. I don't know I'm like green fields a street here in Arizona, but I did confirm its local area,

Ryan Hankins  00:10
sun, Greenfield they're calling,

Unknown Speaker  00:13
yeah, Project sun, but,

Ryan Hankins  00:15
but it's a green field.

Speaker 1  00:16
Yeah, I think the project. I don't know if that's just dirt they're referring to, but still kind of don't know, but project son, essentially, is project name. Didn't know if you had heard about it or anything. Was kind of curious. What I got out is, from my phone call last week was it's a million square feet facility. Going to be multiple buildings. Don't know how many. That's one or two they're looking for. Here's what I don't understand. Is Bhm, are they the structural engineer? What are they really doing? Because they did ask if they're interested in design,

Ryan Hankins  00:56
build capabilities. Bhm, just does. All they do is owners. Rep, that's it. Yeah, they were just the owners rep for, for the Roush facility with Red Bull. So they're a bunch of dicks. They fucked us out

Speaker 1  01:10
of that jazz. Are they? Are they site selectors, or they're, I think, are they the ones pulling the site

Ryan Hankins  01:17
they are they are basically like, George, like they're just like consultant owners, rep, well, no, it says, I think they're called himself, Bhm engineers. They're out of they're out of Austria. But their their focus here is pretty small, from what I understand, and they work mainly with German and Austrian companies. Yeah, so they've,

Speaker 1  01:42
they've had a presence here. They said, for the last 15 years, domestically, in the US, what that really pertains to? Don't know. I checked out the website and what I want to do. So I got this information. And before I got the NDA and the letter of interest, I sent Abbott a message saying, hey, is this something we're interested in? You know, before I even pursue and meet with this guy. He said, let's see where it goes. Get the NDA and let's go. So I got that two days ago. I sent Abbott the NDA a letter of interest with my kind of notes that I'll forward to you guys right now. And just saying, Here's kind of next steps. They want a response by Friday.

Ryan Hankins  02:16
Friday with what

Speaker 1  02:18
Justin denial, if we're going to move forward with the project and want to be involved in the RFP. So they asked for kind of a quick pre qual information for us, just high level company information in our financials, which we can work around, etc. The RFP release would be in July, so that precon would first get initiated. They're having and setting up face to face meetings the week of May 25 so next month. It's kind of neat. Bret, so I have a few questions. How many GCS? Who's looking at it, etc, and then construction start would be q1 2027, is what they're targeting. Seems a little little aggressive, because I'm like, where's you know, what cities this project in? Can you tell me? And he said, they have three sites right now that they're eyeing and kind of honing in on, within Phoenix Metro.

Ryan Hankins  03:11
They hurry, they can do it. Yeah, what's the design?

Ryan Hankins  03:22
Well, if they finish their, if they finish their site selection like now, they could get design environment,

Unknown Speaker  03:29
but if the RFP comes out in July,

Ryan Hankins  03:32
oh, in July, schematic dogs were they're way late in May, just as like wall to narrow down.

Speaker 1  03:42
Hopefully, my assumption would be to select a GC partner to go well

Unknown Speaker  03:47
known if the RFP comes over July, because that would be lovely when we get the information together. Proposal.

Speaker 2  04:02
I Yeah, I mean, that's, that's a good question too. So are they, what are they basing the award on? Is it qualifications or price,

Ryan Hankins  04:13
for sure, do they have process flow diagrams, or are they just like, do they, is this first of kind for them. Or is this like, is this an existing technology?

Speaker 1  04:26
So what this is, what I determined it's going to be, is a toilet paper processing place.

Ryan Hankins  04:33
It was tissue paper, tissue

Speaker 1  04:35
paper, hygienic, hygienic tissue paper. Essentially, I think, a toilet paper processing facility. So they're building one right now.

Ryan Hankins  04:45
Oh, they're building one, right

Unknown Speaker  04:46
they're building one in Oklahoma right now. I don't know who the GC is. I'm gonna do some research on

Ryan Hankins  04:53
how do you spell So, file,

Speaker 1  04:56
so, 5d, E, L, so, s, O, f, i, D, E, L, and also. So I'll send you guys emails here right now where test the links to the Oklahoma project, as well as the overall so film, you guys can kind

Unknown Speaker  05:13
of take a Look forward on it.

Ryan Hankins  05:19
So they produce bathroom and bathroom tissue and paper towels for Walmart and Costco. $775 million expansion in Oklahoma through air drying technology.

Unknown Speaker  05:40
Yeah, they mean, I'm trying to think of what we have that would be similar.

Speaker 2  05:48
I guess we have the corrugated cardboard stuff up in Washington. You know of any other like tissue or toilet paper? Like paper products? Do?

Ryan Hankins  06:05
Product. Guess that png would be in that space, but I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  06:15
So the phenome information, they said, too they want to go either till panels or img. So

Ryan Hankins  06:31
do you know brag? Do you know Maxim and brag crane? No. Heard of brag? Well, somebody at our company, precon, should know them. Here locally, they're doing it the one in Oklahoma. I wonder what they can find out about it.

Ryan Hankins  06:54
That's interesting. So

Speaker 1  07:00
that's essentially all I know. Have a few questions for them, essentially, strategy, okay, what do we need, like LJC to come on the or are they going to be selecting

Speaker 2  07:14
civil all that stuff? Yeah. Yeah. Much, yeah, be interesting

Unknown Speaker  07:28
to get more information.

Unknown Speaker  07:41
I guess the same guy, yeah, guy.

Ryan Hankins  07:43
Do you know what his name is? All I know is that Anthony was fucking pissed like so they so Bhm invited us to the next Red Bull facility in North Carolina, and we just flat out declined it. We didn't even go after it. It was like a $400 million facility. There's like, Nope, no interest, because

Speaker 2  08:07
the one here, what happened? Like went down to the wire and

Ryan Hankins  08:12
we got totally fucked out of the deal. Like we had the better plan. We had the better approach. We put we we like, we know that, like nobody had the cost that we had, and we know that because our competitor was from Georgia, didn't even know the local market. So we knew where the market was, and we knew where our price was based on negotiations and everything and buying steel and all that kind of stuff, schedule wise, we knew we beat them by a month, and they just picked like they had a relationship with them, and they just picked them. How many years ago was this? This was in 2021 maybe 2022

Unknown Speaker  08:57
Yeah, it's so in that case, it was a full

Ryan Hankins  09:00
pricing exercise. It was design build, yeah, Kojima. Kojima is the contractor that's out of Atlanta, but they're the one who did it. We were planning to do it in house.

Unknown Speaker  09:18
Okay, so you it was, it was high level, like you didn't plan

Ryan Hankins  09:22
to, no. Level. Oh, wait, sorry, my bad. No Butler. Design Group had done some initial work, and that's it. It was Butler, and it was

Ryan Hankins  09:41
ESD out of Chicago or no ESD out of Scottsdale.

Ryan Hankins  09:49
Actually, I bet you, Butler probably, they've probably already been talked to for the design. Are you sure it's design, Bill, when we

Speaker 1  09:58
spoke on the phone, you said they were kind of looking for something.

Ryan Hankins  10:02
Kind of looking for someone to design bill capabilities got you so it says that so Fidel is purchased royal paper facilities in Arizona and South Carolina. I that,

Speaker 2  10:30
and they're looking for a response by this priority as to whether we're interested or not, and if you sign, we're still waiting for Adam to sign the NDA, yeah, and see if possible.

Ryan Hankins  10:42
Board. Should just get it to legal. I would just get it to legal. We'll see if he sent it to legal, but Susie should be the one that she just reviews everything. He's not going to just sign it. We don't sign NDA is like we actually mark them up. Oh, for sure.

Ryan Hankins  11:21
So they bought three facilities from Royal paper Gila Bend, so they're

Speaker 3  11:37
acquiring companies in the companies.

Ryan Hankins  11:47
Oh, there was only one in Arizona. Wait, particularly the three facilities in Arizona, they only listed one of them. There's one in, okay, so there's one in like Tolleson. There's one in Estrella via and one in near downtown. Interesting.

Unknown Speaker  12:13
I mean, I imagine this has got to be on like GPAC or I checked.

Ryan Hankins  12:32
I just ran report through Lindsay brist for IRR, and that wasn't on there, but I'm sure G Peck probably knows about it. I'll talk with what's his name? No, the What's your buddy's name? Tim and Thomas. I

Speaker 2  13:03
people, yeah, especially if we want to start that soon, it was interesting

Unknown Speaker  13:19
for them to, like, kind of cultivate

Speaker 3  13:22
the challenge. Out

Unknown Speaker  13:29
to us without kind of knowing it. That was interesting. Well, I mean, BJ has got

Unknown Speaker  13:36
history, so they're aware of us.

Speaker 1  13:40
So that was a Keiko that 2021, the Red Bull thing. Oh, yeah. Keiko, that 2021,

Ryan Hankins  13:50
the Red Bull thing. Oh yeah, no, I'm a five year guy. Come on. That's true. Excuse me, guys, that's right, yeah, that's right, yeah. I NDA.

Speaker 1  14:05
Well, I'll send you guys what I sent to Abbott yesterday with the NDA in the letter of interest. Yeah, you guys know the proper channels as far as push get the NDA signed, or I think we

Speaker 4  14:14
should definitely sign that. Why not? Like, that's, yeah, there's $0 commitment to signing an NDA. Good information.

Unknown Speaker  14:20
So come information.

Ryan Hankins  14:25
I just hope these fucking developers that are looking to build these million square footers, they don't gobble these guys up and get them working on like the skin l site or anything like that.

Unknown Speaker  14:37
Yeah, yeah. I wonder what their planned facility

Unknown Speaker  14:49
requirements are, standard, warehouse, manufacturing facility.

Ryan Hankins  15:00
Million square foot is a lot?

Ryan Hankins  15:10
Is Costco building more Costcos and Walmart building more Walmart's? Or are people just shitting more? Yeah, I Okay,

Unknown Speaker  15:28
good deal, yeah, let's see where it goes. Sounds good, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai