Speaker 1  00:01
It, we're talking about entitlement still, or is this just, is this for permit 1c

Speaker 2  00:08
so the way that I understand it, J, is that no matter what happens, we have to submit the site plan with our permit in order to get a part to be able to pull permit

Speaker 3  00:22
sign off on the site plan before that point. So you're correct that you do need to upload into your building permit the signed off site plan. Dot staff. But that doesn't mean you you can, you know, get signed off before that point. I mean, you can get sign off now. Okay, you know, we're just, we're waiting right now, like I said on the recorded infrastructure improvements, agreement and confirmation from Parks and forestry staff, those landscaping comments have been addressed, but that's all I think we need at this point. Make sure all your plan sheets are signed and sealed, you know. But that's

Speaker 2  00:58
yeah so and I so that, yeah, that, from my standpoint, we did upload our our landscape plan, with the comments addressed and all of our conditions for approval addressed. We have uploaded that on March 16. It hasn't been reviewed yet, but I would imagine that once the IA gets in place, everything could be signed and approved. We do have these very minor updates that we can make, and we will make, and I can do that as soon as we have the changes completed. This will lead me to my next question, maybe, and this might help confirm why it makes sense to wait, as opposed to doing this now, just so that we're not doing double work. But there's a there was a question that was brought up, and Cory, I can bring it up, but you can, you maybe can speak to it better. So I'll just say the topic. And if there's any questions, you can go ahead and take it. But there was a request from the owner to add more RV spaces with hookups to serve as accessory industrial infrastructure for the temporary staging of specialized technicians and supplemental security personnel. Those spots would facilitate 24 hour monitor monitoring, fatigue management and rapid response capabilities for mission critical systems, and they are used exclusively for transient and non residential purposes. And so that's one question that we have of what the best approach would be for, for including that on the site plan, for getting an exception, for including that on the site plan. And I don't know, Cory, if there's anything that you want to add to that,

Speaker 1  02:39
if that was pretty much it, James, we just, we wanted to figure out what we what we can do there.

Unknown Speaker  02:57
I stopped sharing, sorry, because I can't see anybody,

Unknown Speaker  03:01
Jane think James is James is Shawn.

Unknown Speaker  03:09
Might be on the phone. Sorry, yeah.

Speaker 2  03:15
So yeah, let me just I can repeat it. We were kind of talking through the site plan, but one of the requests that we've received from the owner is to add four RV spaces with hookups to serve as accessory industrial infrastructure for the temporary staging of specialized technicians and supplemental security personnel. Those spots will facilitate 24 hour monitoring, fatigue management and rapid response capabilities for mission critical systems, and they are used exclusively for transient, non residential purposes, and we're wanting to find kind of the best approach for including that and asking if there's any exceptions that we can pursue to include that on the site plan

Unknown Speaker  03:59
that'll only be temporary during

Speaker 1  04:00
construction, yeah, construction and commissioning.

Speaker 4  04:04
Wow, that's that's through zoning, but it is allowed if you have an active building, if you have an active the

Speaker 5  04:13
actual this brand and plumbing, mechanical chief with hookups, that that would be a permanent application for the services to those spaces that that's going to have to be confirmed. If that's generally for construction site applications, it is all temporarily hooked up. There may be a water source, but then at the end of, at the at the end of the construction, that is all removed. So that's something that needs to be defined. Are these RV spaces staying? Are they? Are they going to remove

Unknown Speaker  04:55
at the end of construction?

Speaker 1  04:59
It would be is, can you help me understand, I guess, the limitations for either scenario,

Speaker 5  05:07
if it, if this is going to be, these are going to be permanent RV spots. It definitely will have to be part of your plan submittals. It will have to be installed pertaining to the adopted codes, plumbing, plumbing codes, and because it basically becomes a RV park and zoning would have to approve that that's even allowable on or near that site.

Speaker 1  05:37
Oh, understood. Okay, so Jonny would need to approve. Who from zoning I need, I need to better understand the installation phasing for this, this project, to really understand where, you know, where we kind of push from construction to commissioning. Who?

Speaker 4  05:54
Sorry, Deborah. Go ahead, difference between temporary and not temporary. And that's the difference brand unders putting in permanent hookups that changes

Speaker 1  06:07
the game. Understood, okay, so temporary hookups that to be removed is to be removed at the end of construction, versus permanent hookups? Who from zoning? Could we run this by should that be a scenario we want to entertain you?

Speaker 6  06:25
Can go through Jeffrey Palmer and I give you. I could give you his phone number and all his information. Yes, please. Thank you, James. Glad to send that other email. So I'll just include his name and his contact information in that email I'm sending you in a few minutes. Okay, okay, that sounds great.

Speaker 2  06:53
So the next item that we have on the list is the DI secondary containment strategy, which we've received a memo from Jensen Hughes, who's our life safety consultant on the Project. And let me pull that up really quick. You.

Speaker 7  07:27
Okay, I can share my screen again really quick.

Speaker 2  07:36
So we've been coordinating with Jens and Hughes to determine what needs to happen. There's a large DI water tank in the in the facility. And I don't you can read this? I can. Can you all just read it?

Speaker 1  07:56
Yeah, I can go ahead and sum it up for you. Yeah, it'd be a great idea, if the team read it, but we're just giving you guys information. The hazardous material information system shows DI water to be zero, right? So DI water is not hazardous. That that's really all it is. Is more of an FYI.

Unknown Speaker  08:22
But what we can do is we can let us know if you have any questions about DI water,

Speaker 1  08:40
Rebecca, let's, let's let's go ahead and move on to, I'm just looking at time here. Let's go ahead. Just want to make sure we can complete everything.

Speaker 2  08:53
I think I just had, Okay, one more item.

Speaker 8  08:58
I give me one second sorry, while you're pulling that up, Deborah is from a perspective of the plan reviewers for this project. Is there anything that you want us to include in the code sheet that will help move this process along? We'll have our typical IBC and everything else included in it. Is there anything that you want us to make sure that we have it.

Speaker 4  09:23
Any of the UL listings you'll need will be helpful third party inspections, that'll that will have to be on there. That's, that's kind of a few things that get missed on some of the bigger projects. But other than that,

Unknown Speaker  09:43
thank you. That's really helpful.

Speaker 2  09:46
Okay, okay, so the last item that I had listed for today is we just wanted to confirm and to double check with you. But are there any city of Albuquerque or Mesa Del Sol imposed acoustic thresholds that we need to accommodate beyond the Article Nine noise control for this site.

Unknown Speaker  10:18
And I can, kind of, I can show what are. Let me just zoom in really quick.

Speaker 2  10:32
So we've this is just a snip from the noise control, and we're looking at kind of worst case scenario of what the allowable uses are at the Mesa Del Sol, community, employment center district. Worst case scenario. This is what our acoustic consultant is looking at. So since there's an allowable use for adjacent residential development, we're kind of looking at that as worst case scenario. And I'm also wondering if there can be an exception for this, based on what the actual adjacent uses are, will be, or will likely be in this area. So

Speaker 1  11:17
Rebecca, are we? So this is coming from the vibrations report. So we're, we're saying that we're, we're meeting a threshold of 75 DBA to 70 DBA Daytime, nighttime. I think

Unknown Speaker  11:30
we're, we're just here,

Speaker 2  11:34
yeah, we're gonna, we're looking at what it take to meet this down here, since this is the worst case scenario, sorry, Courtney, because they approved the list of permissive uses in the employment center for adjacent sites include residential. So we're saying that we're an industrial manufacturing type facility, and this would be the worst like case scenario.

Speaker 1  11:55
Okay, understood. Are we just confirming that we pulled this from the local code? Is that correct?

Speaker 2  12:00
That's right, that's right, and I'm just confirming just confirming it. I think this is actually a question that we that maybe you had flagged at one point, but I just want to confirm that there's not an additional acoustic threshold beyond that. This is what we found from the local code. And I just wanted to, yeah, confirm

Unknown Speaker  12:18
down in question, and that Palmer

Speaker 2  12:22
as well. Jeff Palmer got it. Okay, well, that was my list of items. Does anyone from the city have any questions for any of us? Is there anything specifically you want to see or kind of talk about, I

Speaker 6  12:45
don't have any questions. I just have a like, quick statement. Before you guys submit any permits, whoever's going to do that, please contact me so we can make sure we, you know, make sure we go through that process so that there's no hiccups with that process at all. So I know you're a big role, but still, I just want to

Speaker 1  13:07
make sure everything goes smoothly. Yeah, sure. Sure thing, James. I'm James. Kind of curious. When can we anticipate receiving who the reviewers will be

Speaker 6  13:21
once you put the, once we get that permit in the system, don't, don't pay any fees, contact me, and then I could, and then I'll give you, I'll give you the reviewers names at that point, that way, you know who is doing what. And then that. And then, once the review starts, you'll see who those reviewers are in the portal, who's reviewing your your project. So many corrections, their names or emails, everything will be listed on those corrections.

Speaker 1  13:59
Gotcha. Okay. And then as far as fees go, how does that work with the process? Is this something that will you guys send us an invoice directly?

Speaker 6  14:10
Yeah, the system works in for for commercial work, for all work, actually, and there's a review involved. There's a there's a two, there's a true invoice process. So the first invoice you'll get is going to be for strictly plan review. So it's your application fee wrapped with your plan review and sets. So that'll get you through all plan review, all that kind of stuff. When the permit gets issued. Then you will pull up when it's ready for issuance. You will get a final bill for permit fees, only for the permit issuance fee. If there's amendments there after the permit has been issued, there is an additional fee for those amendments that come in thereafter. And it's a two hour minimum, which is normally about 94 bucks. They stay a little longer, they just add some more time to it. But normally it's about 94 months for the amendment.

Speaker 1  15:04
Okay, all right, it's pretty straightforward, okay, and I know we already kind of talked through this. We're pulling together kind of critical path items for for the schedule. So we are holding six weeks in our schedule for a complete permit review. When we submit just want to double check any do you see any risk to that time frame, or is that pretty standard?

Speaker 6  15:33
I think you're going to be real good with that time frame. I think we'll hit those we'll hit them all. Make sure we hit those numbers, those dates. So yeah, you guys will get it out. We'll treat it as as a priority project.

Speaker 4  15:48
So appreciate that, James, thank you. And normally it's it gets out of here quicker, but you gotta remember it also goes back to your architect team, and it's them. So yep, got two parties to work together. Yeah, that's why, that's why we include that six weeks to make sure that there's time for all of the any markups. That's right.

Speaker 7  16:10
No pressure on the design team. None whatsoever.

Speaker 2  16:15
No, we also have it. I mean, it's also a priority for us.

Unknown Speaker  16:18
So, okay, I think either.

Speaker 6  16:23
That's why I always just say, when you guys resubmit those corrections, just send me a quick email, Hey, James. You just uploaded the corrections that way, because we still have to push it through the system to get it back to the reviewers. So yep,

Speaker 2  16:36
yeah, I'll be the person who's uploading it, James and I will definitely do that?

Speaker 8  16:43
You agree? Courtney, you had something that you wanted to ask team, or did you already asked a question?

Speaker 1  16:51
Gee, I just one last question is just kind of look ahead with where the team is. I know we're going to be submitting the foundation. Sounds like we're aligned. We'll go ahead and submit that foundation on May 11. We will submit a deferred submittal latest three weeks after June 1, when is the next time we should meet as a team, just to get it on the calendar?

Speaker 2  17:18
There is something on the calendar, I think that she set it up on a three week interval, potentially we should, pretty sure, probably shouldn't care it is pretty sure it's on there in three weeks. Yeah. Okay, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  17:33
Okay, yeah, no more questions for me. Thanks.

Speaker 2  17:35
Rebecca, okay, I guess Yeah, it is still a good question of, should we be at two weeks? But I think we'll leave it on there at three weeks. If we have any questions in between, James will send an email.

Speaker 6  17:48
Yeah. And also, we have a he's will have, we have a plan checkers. So let that role does is just that once you guys get the corrections back, I'll have the plan checkers be in contact with y'all. Just say, Hey, is everything clear to you? You clearly did the my parent viewers articulate exactly what they what they're requesting, that kind of thing that way, that's what their role is, the plan checker. So they want to make sure that everyone's the understanding of what's being asked for. So, okay, great.

Speaker 1  18:24
If we have time left, sorry, don't want to jump in, Rebecca, if you have a few other things, but if we have time left, I just want to make sure Clayco has an opportunity to ask questions as well. I think Ryan may have

Ryan Hankins  18:36
Yeah, Cory, do you want me to bring that one thing up? I was texting you about, yeah, yeah. Good time to chat about it. Absolutely, yeah. So one thing that we're still working through with Pacific fusion is is our joint occupancy there's going to be, you know, we're still going to be constructing the building. We're going to be done with corn shell, probably like a roof on we're going to have the the exterior walls done, but they're going to start installing their process, which is not atypical of, you know, more of like a process or advanced manufacturing type facility going up. But just wanted to let you guys know that there is going to be joint occupancy, and we're thinking it's likely, you know, after that corn shell is more completed, and we're just going to all be working in the same space at the same time. That plan is still being worked through, and we probably need a couple more months to kind of finalize that. But just wanted to get ahead of it. Yeah, Ryan, thank you.

Speaker 1  19:43
I'll jump in and just add a little bit more color to that. So the majority of the facility will still be in a construction project. It's just being done in phases. So this first phase is phase one. It's really the core and shell piece. You know, we don't really plan on getting, you know, there definitely needs to be a plan to close out these permits, and this is why we've done it this way. But I would say occupancy to, you know, as defined as you know what the word actually means, occupying and operating in the space, the only area that would be occupied for normal operations would be admin. The rest of the spaces would continue to be a construction project. And to Ryan's point, that phasing plan is something that we're pulling together with multiple teams, including kind of this phase two piece. So you know, how we close out the permit? I think is something that we can not, not an urgent item, but it's just something for you guys to be aware of.

Speaker 6  20:52
I think we need it closer to to that part of the project before you upload. I think we when we meet, let's go through that so we can identify what that phasing looks like, and that way we're prepared to work through that for temp CEOs and such like that.

Ryan Hankins  21:14
That sounds good from our I have

Speaker 7  21:18
a couple questions related more to temporary offices, temporary utilities and whatnot. Is there somebody specific within the city that I would coordinate with for that?

Unknown Speaker  21:33
That would be my salt.

Unknown Speaker  21:40
Deborah, okay, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  21:48
okay, Deborah, I'll be in touch with you.

Speaker 4  21:50
Thank you. I work closely with the other chiefs because we have to have temp sign offs from the other trades as well, so we work together

Unknown Speaker  21:59
on that. Okay, perfect. Thank you. I

Speaker 8  22:11
want to thank you guys from the city. You guys have been super helpful in this process. Fingers crossed, we're gonna get this across the finish line here from the AE team side. We're really thankful to hear

Speaker 6  22:28
well, thank you guys. We're excited. We'll get you to the finish line. So you know, the main thing is, keep talking, keep communicating, and we'll get there.

Speaker 2  22:40
Thank you. James Paul, thank you, everyone. Have a good day. Thank you. You something i.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai