Speaker 1  00:00
Just so you know that my apologies on that, we'll make sure you're included.

Ryan Hankins  00:04
Totally fine. I actually, I actually was eating lunch, and then I was like, wait, I'm in a meeting right now.

Speaker 1  00:11
And then, because I said, because it came up during it's like, well, where's Clayco? Well, they weren't invited. So I just was like, well, I'll just send it to them so they know they should have been invited. My bad on that totally so you'll get invited next, next for me, you

Unknown Speaker  00:25
don't jump immediately on a call.

Unknown Speaker  00:34
Not my fault. We're just keeping you, that's right,

Speaker 2  00:39
keeping us on our toes. Yeah, our toes. My bad on that. Hey, before everybody jumps in, Brian and Cory, based on the call to the city, we have some concrete steps. Any anything from your end that

Speaker 3  01:01
you're dragging. I Yeah, I think we need to. The thing that seems very close to me is the geo peer deferred submittal. If they're sticking to three weeks, then I don't think that's that shouldn't butt up against what you're doing in the field, Ryan, I just, I think we should, you guys should probably look at that and let us know if we've got to move quicker on the review or design side.

Ryan Hankins  01:32
I mean, the way I kind of looked at it was 511 Well, it's like five eight. I think 511 is when we're submitting to the city. So I think it's 123, weeks from then is like the end of May. And then we need probably four weeks to get somebody on board. They need three weeks heads up. And so that's kind of like our July 17 timeline. And we probably need four weeks to get grading out of the way before we start geo peers. So I think the timing works.

Speaker 3  02:09
So we've got four weeks of buffer. Okay, yeah, we've just got, it sounds like we have that commitment from the city side. So I'm not. I've been on projects before where review time cycles blow up and they slip. But I feel a bit more confident being that they're going to consider this one their top priority projects. So as long as they stick to that three week window time frame, we've got four weeks buffer there sounds like yep, okay. Well, if you're not worried, Ryan, I'm not worried.

Ryan Hankins  02:44
So we've got, we've got bigger fish to fry. No, we'll be all right.

Speaker 1  02:55
Okay. I just have two items that I want to flag on the design direction log, and then I can hand it over to Cory for anything that you want to cover.

Speaker 3  03:07
Yeah, I just wanted to, I just want to do a quick little you know, intention of this call, right? Owner, architect, contractor meeting, really, the intention of this call, from my standpoint, is some of the critical items that absolutely need to be brought up in this meeting are changes to scope, schedule and budget. You know, now that we've got the other half on board, there's going to be some push and pull as we build that schedule out. But I think just maybe speaking to the design side for a second, any kind of ad services, we're holding a contingency in our master contract with Paige. So I spoke about this with nutrition bill. We're holding, you know that master contract there is contingency in there. That contingency needs to take us all through the whole project, right? So I would like there to be some foresight and any additional ad services or how we intend on using some that contingency. Those are, you know, individual working sessions we can we can pull out of this meeting if need be. But I think this meeting serves as that initial heads up, right? So just a hey, heads up. Courtney. SMW, they had an ad service. They're requesting an ad service. We can talk through the details later. But just generally speaking, heads up on scope, schedule, budget changes in this meeting, as we as we know them, don't need to have the details would be super helpful.

Speaker 1  04:49
I just want to mention that I definitely did bring up the SM and w1 in this meeting. It's in our meeting minutes from several weeks ago, and let you know how much that one was. So just, oh yeah.

Speaker 3  04:59
And I wasn't pulling that out specifically. Rebecca, it was just, it was this. This is not, this is this is not meant to reprimand at all. This is just like kind of setting the intentions of this meeting as a reminder, no one's done anything wrong. I didn't want people to take that away as that, yeah.

Speaker 2  05:20
Cory, what we are doing right now, just so it's always see call, we're getting feedback on each of those line items that were we from the from the design team site, so we can look at each line item holistically, and we'll try to keep that within that contingency, right? So this way, we're aware of everything that's happening across the board. And Cory, we can have a site call if you require to, Hey, how is that money coming up? But since we're now, we're on a tight loop here. We've asked each of our consultants to say, like, Hey, what is already in our picture that we can take care of? And a lot of items are like, you know, hey, spec changing. No problems. Like, a lot of stuff are the parts like the natural gas change and stuff like that, so that we can see across the board and make a, you know, educated call on it.

Speaker 3  06:08
Yeah, that sounds great. Nitesh, and you know, ultimately, when we go through the details, that needs to be a smaller, smaller group of people that discusses that. But yeah, I appreciate you guys bringing it up in this meeting, just so can help me. Help me track as we go. Thank you guys.

Speaker 1  06:26
Okay, Stu I'm just gonna talk about the couple of items on the design direction log. And I know this meeting was only 30 minutes space because we had already scheduled the follow up signage meeting right after so one of the items I was going to talk about, we already got an answer and close it out from Jeremy at the last meeting. But this is one that I had flagged prior. From the structural standpoint, the 400 ton crane, minimum clear span wheel loading information, and I've added and electrical requirements. This is something that Meyr S Plus has flagged. Meyrr Plus needs confirmation of the cone cranes electrical requirements. The bridge cranes are fed directly from the electrical substations. Exact bridge crane electrical specs are required. We're carrying

Unknown Speaker  07:21
an assumption, aren't we?

Speaker 1  07:22
And this is, yeah, they're, they're requesting the final. So the final generation, and they're, they're requesting the final so just wanted to flag that as an additional item. I know you're already tracking it from the structural standpoint that if the if the loads are larger than the assumption, then so I can ask Meyr Plus to provide a sentence like that, like, if the wheel on your left, then it's fine, but

Speaker 3  07:47
so Yeah, sounds good. Rebecca, just an update on by the end of this week. So the hope is we chase down all of these assumptions as the ceiling, and when we get these general assembly drawings, we'll back check it against our assumptions, and they absolutely should come down and lower, but what we're checking for is, if they don't, then, you know, we'll have to have those conversations. But end of this week, I'll disseminate to the rest of the team.

Speaker 1  08:12
Okay, I'll just write that in here as a see. Okay, I'll just put that as an update in there. And yeah, we're anticipating that it's going to be, hopefully less than the than the assumptions. I don't know if you want to put a sentence about that in there, but Okay, and let me go all the way to the bottom for the next item. This was also just, oh, oh yeah, just, I just wanted to let you know this was brought up by Astrid in the previous meeting, or, sorry, not Astrid by Ann in the previous meeting, but about the emergency power for supporting the HVAC units. And I wrote in here what you kind of mentioned in that last meeting that you gave direction to add an additional 200 kilowatts for phase two equipment, beyond what what Meyr s plus is currently holding. But just wanted to put that on there that Meyr s plus had requested they require a comprehensive list of all PF equipment that must be supported by emergency power. But I think they also want to make sure that they have a clear understanding and clear direction about all of the MEP, like mechanical equipment that needs to have emergency power. It sounds like that discussion kind of happened, so I just wanted to flag it, because that was when because that was one item that had been brought

Speaker 3  09:45
up internally. We have a follow up meeting on Thursday to discuss as far as that comprehensive list goes, we'll talk with Meyr.

Speaker 3  09:59
That's exactly right, yeah. So I think, I think we've kind of boiled it down with just a blanket ask and the flexibility, but the backbone electrical infrastructure to be able to, you know if, if, for any reason, two years, three years down the road, we need to add additional supporting backup generators. We can do so, but we'll, we'll bring that to close tomorrow afternoon.

Speaker 1  10:24
Okay, so those are the primary two items on the design direction log that I wanted to cover today. The other one already got closed out, which is great. So Okay, that was the design direction log. Yeah, I'm happy to turn it over to you, Cory, or to Clayco for any additional items to cover today.

Unknown Speaker  10:51
Handed over to Clayco, this is,

Ryan Hankins  10:54
yeah, perfect. Sorry, I'm finishing up lunch. I'm gonna go back off. All right, so look delicious. All right, so we got some good, good responses from mark on the steel. So mill order set by 511 basically, that's like to get us started, 100% mill order, basically by seven, one connections, 100% by 721, so we're, we're doing good on the steel now, after our discussions and correspondence.

Speaker 3  11:40
Thank you, Ryan. Ryan, just for curiosity, we've got the design schedule and we have the GC schedule. Now, I'm assuming, do we want to pull those milestones into your GC schedule and just make sure we're tracking them? I think it should be. It should be somewhere Absolutely. Just want to see who wants to take it.

Ryan Hankins  12:05
Yeah, yeah. I can do that for sure. And then during the bid process for steel, which will start in a couple weeks, I can help us understand how we're tracking with that February date. But right now we feel like that's that's realistic, great.

Speaker 3  12:24
So good news. It sounds like Mark is giving you maybe a little bit more than you asked for, which is great, by seven one, he's going to

Ryan Hankins  12:31
be able to give you everything. Yep, Mark is Mark. I think we all need to Pat mark on the back, because he's definitely doing everything he can to help bring the schedule, yeah. Oh, there's Mark. Yeah, Mark, thank you so much, man. I saw your your email this morning, and it's definitely helping us with meet that schedule.

Speaker 3  12:55
I don't think Marc is on this call. Oh, he is. Yeah, there we go. You don't want me on the call.

Speaker 4  13:03
He heard him getting pat on the back. He's like time to jump on

Ryan Hankins  13:14
so that's the first thing with steel foundation package. I got the confirmation about the grounding. So that's good from Susie. I think I sent out that email a couple weeks ago about what we expect in that set. It sounds like we're all in alignment. Is there any other comments from page or from Pacific fusion on just coordination on that aspect.

Speaker 1  13:43
I do think that we need to have a follow up conversation with Meyr Plus, to really get a realistic sense of what they can do by what dates and how that aligns with your overall procurement schedule. Brian, so I think that needs to be a separate conversation. Tisha, I don't know if you have anything to add to that, but just getting a sense from Myers, plus that it's it doesn't feel fully feasible to have all of that by the 511 timeline, so that we need, maybe to help prioritize. What can happen is yeah. So yeah,

Speaker 2  14:25
go ahead, yeah. I was going to ask. I was going to piggyback on Courtney's ask for that scheduled. Because if you're going to do some poll planning from these dates, especially in this meeting, it would be good to have like, hit item one steal, right? Because that dates coming up item two is mechanical, and this way we can, we can clearly prioritize, and we should probably start with you, Ryan, just to go with, what's item one, what's item two, what's item three, on this list, and keep tracking like that, and the rest of the schedule can it's okay at this point, but as long as we can hit those you know, pinch points, Something like a full planning schedule will be super important, like for your mill otter, your early

Unknown Speaker  15:06
procurement, that's a suggestion.

Ryan Hankins  15:08
Yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, I can, I can work on something. Do you want to have another meeting later this week? Or, we think early next week?

Speaker 3  15:19
Or are we? Yeah. I mean, I think if you have a list of early procurement items, Ryan, can we bundle that into our constructability conversation on Friday? But then again, Paige will not be there because they get a snow day.

Speaker 1  15:39
Let's say technology snow day at Clayco. You maybe don't know that, but we know no one from the page Stan tech team will be able to be on phone calls, teams, email in the building. There's no we can't do any work on Friday, Saturday, Sunday, so we will won't be in communication until Monday.

Unknown Speaker  15:58
Fully converted to Stan tech,

Speaker 3  16:02
that's awesome. Let's maybe, let's maybe also just a plan of how we we manage this, because I'd hate to throw more meetings on the calendar, noting, note noticing that people just need some focus time. Ryan, it probably makes sense for your team to go back and pull a comprehensive list with dates for early procurement. We can, we can discuss those on Friday, but I think we can deal with this over email, and then next Wednesday, during our our design coordination meeting, we will, and with our SME breakout sessions, we will start ensuring that the design is being advanced in alignment with those dates. How does that sound?

Ryan Hankins  16:44
So this is the this is the early procurement, and this is kind of how we plan to procure the job. I sent this out a couple weeks ago, but I will also send out kind of the sausage making schedule that we reviewed in person. That way everyone can kind of get line of sight to kind of what I think the teacher is talking about with kind of a plan. So yeah, I think between those two things, I think you'll have what you need. I can get those two today perfect. So what all

Speaker 3  17:14
you what I'll do is I'll take this spreadsheet that you're working off of Ryan and each one of our CMH meetings starting tomorrow, we'll filter down the MEP items for tomorrow's MEP process meeting, and we'll just do a checkpoint to see where folks are relative to the days you have.

Ryan Hankins  17:34
Okay, perfect. One thing that I want to make sure, sorry, go ahead.

Speaker 2  17:41
No, I think we'll put this on the ACC, on a platform where it can be live, so that we can review it live. And if you can, you know, I like your red highlights there. And if they're like, Hey, these are the design team inputs, like Mark right that if there are highlights there, we'll track it in house. So that would be real, and it can be like so if something moves a little bit, we can see it happen.

Ryan Hankins  18:07
I I totally agree with that, and I think we need to be tracking just as things change. And one of those, one of the things I want to make sure is super clear, is like the pipe. I know we keep talking about this pipe underneath the slab. I think this is, like, a really great example of, like, hey, 511 I don't need to know that pipe like that, like, for from a permitting standpoint, yes, we need to have that, that into the city. But I'm not installing that pipe tomorrow. I'm not installing it really, for the next, like, I mean, I'm probably not installing it till like October, and so from a procurement standpoint, I need to go buy concrete. I need to go buy some of those trades and change, like little changes like that can still happen. We'll need to track, we'll need to track those in a log, and I can be the owner of that log that so that we can be tracking budget, any schedule, potential constraints. But you know, if you apply that same methodology to like, for example, the grounding, like, we need the grounding to be good enough for permit level. But if there's small little changes that happen after the fact, we'll let you know when we're actually going to buy the stakes, when we're actually going to buy the wire. And if, for example, like the gage of wire increases, that's fine. We'll just track it as a as a cost change throughout that process. So with with the fact that our procurement set of 511 it needs to be good enough to go by and it's probably 85 90% of the way there. But little changes aren't the end of the world from a schedule standpoint. It's just something we have to track, and something that Courtney, me, you and Nick have to be, you know, really aligned with throughout the process,

Speaker 2  19:57
as we're doing this, the one the one point I'll point out it was like, there's obviously, as we move forward, a little bit of an uptick in cost, and we should own that together, right? If you put in a if you if you put in the order up front, you're going to get it for x amount of dollars. You add a little bit extra, probably go up a little bit. So as long as we're okay with that as a team, then we're good, small items don't matter. Like, if you go with the pipe and then down the road, we say it has to be concrete and cased, right? You might pay a little bit of premium on that concrete. Just, you know,

Unknown Speaker  20:36
agree, we'll do, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  20:42
Do you geo peers. I know we just talked about that, but I have a meeting with Craig this afternoon, and I can invite Paige Stantec to that. There's no problem with that. If you guys want to be involved in that, but I'm basically just saying, Hey, tell me what you need in order to really get moving with design. I haven't really gotten, like, a full, a full list of, like, what exactly is truly needed to kind of get going. And I know that we're saying 511 is the date, but I just want to make sure that when we get to 511 that there's nothing additional, and that he can really get moving on his design, just to keep him accountable too.

Speaker 2  21:23
Yeah, we don't need to be on that meeting Ryan. We have a contract with him for design services. We're just trying to move it with your construction services. So he would probably like to just move that over to you. So Marc, speak up if you need anything extra. I think he's been continuing to help us with the design at this point. Is there anything critical? You're waiting for Mark?

Speaker 5  21:46
No nothing waiting for we need to have a meeting with him and PF team to confirm that we're in the right place. So I think that's been scheduled for Monday.

Speaker 2  21:58
Monday should be good. So from the design side, we've got it scheduled from the contractual site and any other site that you need to speak to. Okay, yeah.

Ryan Hankins  22:16
So for, and I know this is like a Clayco thing, but for our precon LOA that we have signed. I've been telling Nick now for like, a week and a half that I'm gonna get him, I'm gonna get him our, our first application for payment. So you guys, I did see it today. I just need it to be signed. Once it's signed, it'll be sent over to Nick and Cory today, just for processing.

Unknown Speaker  22:44
Okay, that sounds great. Appreciate that, right? Yep.

Ryan Hankins  22:51
Ve wise, I mean, we're running we have a lot going on over the next week and a half, but we are tracking end of next week for pricing and for ve Lulu, is there anything specifically that you wanted to bring up?

Speaker 6  23:10
Not really for the internal estimate we're targeting today. So hopefully we can give some pricing feedback by the end of this week, see where we're trending. At the same time, we're working with the subcontractor on fine tuning the pricing and also the VA options.

Ryan Hankins  23:29
Thanks, Lulu, there's a couple things that we are sending emails on Dave. Dave Spieler is going to be sending out an email to you Mark, basically to confirm our quantity takeoffs and some of the tunnel steel and steel plates. Just want to make sure that we have those kind of in the ballpark of where you were thinking from a tonnage standpoint. So that should be coming your way. Additionally, you should have that today, so be on the lookout from Dave, Okay, sounds good. The other thing is and nq one nuclear designation, Cortney, you should be getting an email Nick and Cortney about that, just making sure that none of that applies to our scope. I don't think it does.

Speaker 3  24:24
But in q1 is this part of the contract? Or in q1 No,

Ryan Hankins  24:29
it's just like the nuclear designation. Just want to make sure that, like the way things are sourced, like, I mean, you have to start with procurement basically, to get you have to have certified directors that can erect in a nuclear facility. So all those types of things, we just want to make sure. Have to deal with the

Speaker 4  24:51
UK quality assurance program and QA one Gotcha. Yeah, it's common in the labs, but yeah, we don't have that requirement. Okay. Yeah.

Ryan Hankins  25:07
And then I think that's pretty much where we're at from our side.

Ryan Hankins  25:18
Anything else? Chris, Lulu, Erica,

Speaker 6  25:24
I have access request. Rebecca, if it's possible, our team, Jessica and Dave Spiller, would need access to the ACC I'll put their email address in the chat. If you could add them to the ACC axis.

Speaker 1  25:39
Absolutely. Yeah. If you put their email in the chat. I'll do it during this meeting. Thank you.

Ryan Hankins  25:45
Speaking of access, can we get access to the full model? I know we have architectural model right now, but is there a way we can get the full model?

Speaker 1  25:58
The reason I'm not answering is good. So I know that, Marc, do you mean like downloadable or through ACC? What are you asking? Like on a CZ, you cannot, you can get to the file view, or you want the model that you can and I think Mark set you his electronic media release form for you all to sign. I don't know how that,

Ryan Hankins  26:19
yeah, I'm, getting through that. I was hoping that we'd be able to hide under the one that we signed with you guys. But our legal, I reread

Speaker 1  26:30
ours, and ours doesn't. Unfortunately, you're sorry, you're legal.

Ryan Hankins  26:34
Our legal is backed up a little bit right now, but we're trying to get got it.

Speaker 1  26:39
I unfortunately reread ours, and ours doesn't have a clause that covers sub consultants. So that's where, that's where I think we landed, just because, since it doesn't cover that, we wanted to make sure that we're on the up and up. So, but yeah, you're, I think you're able to get into the view on ACC, where you can see the interaction of all of the disciplines. It's just so that is accessible to you. I'm pretty sure,

Speaker 2  27:08
if it's not Ryan, I guess the intent of this is, do you want so we have our 100% DD model setup is, are you using for estimation take offs and stuff like that, or are you using it for real time feedback? Because if you're taking it for estimation, we can give for rom estimations, we can give a dated model that kind of reflects our 100% DTS. But if you're using it for a live feedback, then that's a different deal. So tell us

Ryan Hankins  27:41
what you need for right now. For right now, it's it's quantity survey and understand, just for people who are coming into it and doing takeoffs, want to make sure they have a 3d look at things to your point. As we progress through the project like we will need more access to real time. But I think the immediate ask is just the 100% DD model.

Speaker 2  28:05
Let's, let's work through that. We should have archive version after this. See how you can get your the end, the whatever project signed off on, and we work on our end to get that milestone model

Unknown Speaker  28:19
to you. So I would, I was trying to share. Oh, it was you

Speaker 3  28:26
internet connection or something was not allowing me to manipulate it. But Ryan, so do you have access to acces model module where you can view all of the different consultants, models,

Speaker 1  28:45
like, what's that just showing right there? Oh, yeah, I can do I just, I'm not. Don't worry. It's all fine. I'm just going to double check and make sure that I have the settings correct for you all,

Speaker 4  29:02
I don't think conversation right will get you access.

Speaker 3  29:06
More importantly, I think Ryan, if you, if you guys are in ACC, you should be able to access each one of those files and download them.

Unknown Speaker  29:17
Let's try that and see.

Speaker 4  29:21
I don't know if they have that access Courtney, because we that should be limited to the design team, but they should definitely be able to get in here, select the elements, find the properties. It should be able to give you like areas of those properties. Brian will

Speaker 1  29:43
work on this piece on our end and make sure that you guys have the correct access in ACC to be able to do this. And then let us know. Not I mean, we have another meeting starting right now, but by the end of today, it should be there. So if it's not there in the ACC access, just let us know. And if you need one of us, Dom sorry, I'm not going to volunteer because I don't. Yeah, let me take a look. If DOM needs to walk you through it, then you can set up a side call just with him to show you how to

Speaker 7  30:11
access all that. Yeah, I can. Conor, okay, cool

Speaker 3  30:15
Brian, when do you plan on starting your detailing? When you guys plan on starting your modeling or detailing,

Ryan Hankins  30:24
we really need to get some of our subs on board, but we're actually actively going through. Chris is actually working with VDC right now to put that full plan together. We need a little bit more time to share it. Okay, it's it's likely not. It's likely not the whole thing at once. It's likely sex, you know, area by area, building by building, those types of things. Yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  30:59
fine, let's have a side bar on that. We'll figure it out.

Speaker 4  31:02
Okay, perfect. Yeah, I'm looking into it now.

Unknown Speaker  31:06
Anything else, Ryan, from your end? That's

Ryan Hankins  31:11
Erica, Chris,

Unknown Speaker  31:16
I'm good, Ryan. I jump to our other meeting. Thanks everyone. Thank you. Erica, okay, thank you everybody. Thank you. Thank you

Ryan Hankins  31:35
everyone. Do you have a second? Yeah, I got a second? Well, I gotta jump to a call, but we're good. I've, I've been in ACC before, and I've played in the model, but like mine, I don't have that button.

Speaker 4  31:47
Yeah. So there, I just went in and for all the people in Clayco, I literally turned on the model coordination. It's just a little button, so if you go back up here, yep, you should be able to jump into model coordination now I see and you'll be able to turn on all the models. Let me know if that's what you need, or if you can get because you should be able to get into that model coordination, into the structural file, and actually do your takeoffs from there, and get the areas that you're looking for. I assume that's what you would require, but let me know if there's anything else.

Ryan Hankins  32:25
So the the button showed up for model coordination, so I just here. Let me just to make this simple. I'll just share my screen. Go for it. Of course, I got one second. Of course, I can't join now because the meeting is over. Join. Add Device. All right, let me know when you can see, yep, so I'm in it, but then it says, Welcome. You don't have access to any active coordination spaces.

Speaker 4  33:12
All right, I think I need to go to the actual folders and give you the permissions. I

Speaker 4  33:24
save it okay, and it's like, it's likely the let me, let me try one more thing and see if it doesn't update for you.

Ryan Hankins  33:48
Gotta love technology,

Unknown Speaker  33:53
where the file is located.

Unknown Speaker  34:02
Turn on two of these,

Speaker 4  34:10
so any Keep turning. him. Are you? Well? Thanks, good. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai