Ryan Hankins  00:00
Problem, yeah, for me, my background is really we'll call it in. So I'm a Project executive at Clayco, but I've done a wide range of projects, so everything from super high end corporate headquarters to I've done a $3 billion airport. I've done a wow, data centers. Before data centers were cool, reaching back to 2012 and then I've done a lot of the manufacturing semiconductor, and now fusion, building a fusion reactor, which is really cool. So I mean, I've had a I've gotten pretty lucky with just being able to touch a lot of really cool projects across the years. And absolutely, yeah, I mean, I deal with clients and try to get things pushed across the finish line and make the profits Exactly.

Speaker 1  00:55
That's, I mean, that's what it comes to at the end of the day. What corporate clients have you worked with corporate? What were some of your favorite Yeah, like commercial interiors. What were

Ryan Hankins  01:05
some of your favorite projects? I mean, so I did USA here in Phoenix, which is, like, a beautiful, it's, it's a really nice project. I've dealt with MUFG in Phoenix, there was a really high end interior build out near the airport. I've worked with Delta sky club. I've built a couple Delta sky clubs and then United Airlines. I was gonna say

Unknown Speaker  01:35
which one was the airport, the aviation

Ryan Hankins  01:37
project, that one was Salt Lake. Oh, wow. So, man, that was a pretty big project in itself. Yeah, have you always been with Clayco? No, I was with holder construction before Clayco. I started five years ago.

Speaker 1  01:53
Okay, cool, yeah, nice holder. Yeah. No wonder you did data centers. They've been in it forever. Yeah, it's, I don't know if I said this, I was with hit, so yeah, holder and hit, I feel like, do all the, all the data centers, all the data centers, yeah, and now Clayco, which is incredible.

Ryan Hankins  02:12
How long were you with? It for

Unknown Speaker  02:14
about five years.

Ryan Hankins  02:15
Okay, nice,

Speaker 1  02:16
yeah, so I don't know if we had overlap. Have you always been in the Phoenix market.

Ryan Hankins  02:21
I've always, besides for when I went to Salt Lake, I've been in the Phoenix market, but I've worked nationally my whole career. So I've done stuff locally in Phoenix because I'm here, but I go where the good opportunities are and where the growth is. So that's awesome.

Speaker 1  02:39
Nice. Yeah. Likewise I am. I'm born and raised St Louis, so that's kind of the connection back home. But I was in LA with hit, and then Dallas, and then DC, the headquarters, so kind of been all over like you. You got to follow the projects. So, yes, awesome.

Unknown Speaker  02:58
Did I spelled fission correctly? Elizabeth said it quickly, and I was like, trying to take notes.

Ryan Hankins  03:04
And it's not fission, it's fusion, okay?

Unknown Speaker  03:09
Fusion. Well, there you go. Okay, so it's, that's the project in Chicago, or no,

Ryan Hankins  03:14
no, that one is PSIQuantum. That's, that's what Conor Tighe is working on, okay? And that is a quantum computing campus. Wow, incredible. And then the project I'm doing is, it's for Pacific fusion. That's the clients, and it's one of the first fusion, large scale fusion reactors being built in the United States, and that's in Albuquerque.

Unknown Speaker  03:45
Okay, are you traveling

Ryan Hankins  03:47
there often? I mean, like, we just got awarded it, like three weeks ago. So, yeah, yeah, that's incredible. Yeah, we've got, we've got a little bit of runway. We start, we think we start breaking ground in July, so we got a couple months, but yeah, I'll be going out there probably once every two weeks, maybe once a month. And then, yeah, you know, as the construction team ramps up, then I'll, you know, start to back away a little

Speaker 1  04:15
bit, sure. So what is, are you kind of leading this new market then? Or what's the, what's the focus on projects in the future you're laughing

Ryan Hankins  04:28
like, I get, I get kind of tasked with, like, special projects, like when we were going after our first solar projects, like, as in, like solar fields, before we had a solar team, like Anthony kind of put me on that. So I was dealing with Gotion in Chicago, which is not A, not an amazing client, but yeah, you know. So I get exposed to a lot of cool things, just from like, I consider myself to be pretty multi functional, but just first of kind, like, if you think of the word first of kind, that's where quantum computing fits into, that's where fusion fits into, that's where some of these future technologies kind of fit into. I definitely want to be involved in as much of that as possible.

Speaker 1  05:16
Okay, well, then I think we're going to be best friends, because that's kind of my that's what I love. Chasing is something that either we haven't done, that we can do, or, you know, making the impossible possible. So what other areas of interest, or would I guess I'll go first, the things that I think we should be chasing is defense projects. So there's billions of dollars being poured into, I'm sure, you know, right now, like the Department of War, Department of Defense, and that's from new they're asking the automotive makers to make all sorts of new bombs, new, you know, trucks and things that are autonomous, and then also all the different drones and all the different parts and pieces that go along with it. So those are that industry, I think, is untapped in the Clayco world that's of huge interest to me, and a lot of what I did at hit. And then Elizabeth asked, like out of the emerging markets, which ones are of interest and

Ryan Hankins  06:21
nuclear semiconductor.

Unknown Speaker  06:23
Semiconductor is

Ryan Hankins  06:25
the next one. Yeah. So mean, when you look at like the because, like, we like big value projects, like in terms of like dollar value, because that's obviously what our fees based on, but semiconductor is one of the highest cost per square foot space is that you can build. And we, we have all the expertise and all the resources to do it. We just don't have a resume.

Speaker 1  06:48
Okay, so what have we chased and or lost or chased and gotten, kind of, you know, like, what's the history so far we've I

Ryan Hankins  06:59
mean, it's, it's an investment that we haven't necessarily dove into yet, but basically, I mean, we chased, there's a, are you familiar with the supply chain and the semiconductor a

Speaker 1  07:15
little, a little, because we had just started to do it, It hit before it left.

Ryan Hankins  07:20
So Gotcha. So there's like, so there's, there's semiconductor campuses, and with those, there's foundries, and then there's actual contracted work. So two different types of semiconductor applications within that you have, not only the FAB, which is like ingot and wafer, to actually make the actual disks, and then there's the actual process of actually making the microchip. But once you have a microchip spit out, then there's a whole nother process called advanced packaging, and that's something that's still coming to the US, and there are facilities like that, but it's still something that's onboarding in the US, mostly because those are making the chips not just, not just generic chips, but making specific to like an Apple phone or what whatnot. Okay, so we've, we've chased pretty much everything across the spectrum. We've chased a semiconductor campus with ti up in Utah. Ryan Abbott was the one that was leading that one. We've, we've chased am core and Phoenix, which is advanced packaging. And then we've done, we've we were actually awarded a ingot and wafer project for the solar space, but then that project actually went on hold and then ended up getting canceled. So we've, we've kind of, we've kind of touched a lot of things, and we've got, like, some adjacencies that we can really kind of build on but you know, it's definitely like we need to concert the effort a little bit more in order to get some of this larger work in the semiconductor space.

Speaker 1  09:12
What does that look like? And can I help?

Ryan Hankins  09:15
Yeah, I'm coming up right now with the business plan with Mark Smith, okay, but we probably coming out of our meeting last week, it was like a 60 to 90 day activity coming up with that business plan, but I could definitely keep you in the loop as we develop that

Speaker 1  09:33
awesome I'm assuming that looks like again. Like you said, I always feel like it's best in emerging markets, from what I did at hit, was tapping on the clients you already have, and you know, if their adjacencies are involved, you know, as you already said, that's kind of the easiest way to get your foot in the door on something small. Yeah, that's amazing. So your focus is semiconductor as the new emerging market.

Ryan Hankins  10:00
I mean, I'm kind of still, I wouldn't say I'm focused singularly on one thing, okay? I'm focused on really complex projects from a manufacturing perspective, which touches a lot of different things, like the fusion market, the solar manufacturing, which has gone on hold, the semiconductor. Those are probably and then defense. So those are kind of like the four big buckets. I'll say that I'm really focused on, okay, cool.

Speaker 1  10:36
Are there any defense projects in Phoenix that you guys are doing?

Ryan Hankins  10:41
Yeah, we are. We are. We are chasing Boeing's new expansion in Phoenix. It's their helicopter. It's Bell health or Boeing helicopter plant over in Mesa. Okay, awesome.

Speaker 1  11:01
I feel like Boeing is a lot of quick turnover. There was some people that I worked with at Boeing in Greenville, and then also some in St Louis. I don't know if we have a lot of connections here on the Boeing side, I would assume so, especially now at the new airport, but I'm happy to look into my network and see if anyone's of a connection. Yeah, worthwhile from you. Okay, what's the timeline on that project?

Ryan Hankins  11:31
We don't know. We submitted an RFQ. We're waiting to hear back right now.

Unknown Speaker  11:36
Okay, so it's early.

Ryan Hankins  11:37
It's early.

Speaker 1  11:39
Okay, cool. That's awesome. Who do you interface with? Kind of the most on your team. Would you say Kim helps a lot with some of the advanced manufacturing. Kim?

Ryan Hankins  11:52
Kim definitely helps. I report to Ryan Abbott and Scott Watkins. Okay. I mean, technically on paper, it's Anthony, but I'll say most of my day to day is probably spent working for the Scotts and the Ryan.

Unknown Speaker  12:10
Awesome. I heard the Scott That's why I'm laughing. I'm like, trying to put a face

Ryan Hankins  12:15
to everybody. We used to have another Scott, and so there's actually not more Scott's. It's just Scott Watkins now, but there used to be like, three or four Scotts.

Speaker 1  12:24
Oh, wow, that's crazy Nice. Okay, cool. Well, I'm excited to connect, and I have some homework from Elizabeth So, and I think some of it might be, you know, useful to you too. So I will circle back with you on that. If there's anything like I said I can do to help, let me know. Okay, absolutely. Are you from Phoenix?

Ryan Hankins  12:50
Originally? I'm from Chicago, but I've been here since 2012 so oh my gosh, yeah, I feel like I feel like I'm a native, almost. You're used to the heat now. Yeah. Hey. Okay, and you're and you're from St Louis,

Speaker 1  13:04
yeah, but I've lived all over. I went to U of A my senior year, so I got a little bit used to the heat for like, a year and a half, and then moved to Florida, so then I got used to a different kind of heat. Yeah, so that's awesome. Cool. Well, I'll, I'm gonna look through some of the stuff. Are you guys doing any conferences or anything yet? Or that's kind of in the business plan TV.

Ryan Hankins  13:31
That's in the business plan. We went to semicon last year. I was curious in Phoenix. And there's a couple others that are, mean, we're going to select USA next month. Okay, I'm not going. I've got a conflict, but I know there's a group of us going, so, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:51
okay, what's the other one that was in like, I guess it was, it might have been semicon. It was in Seattle or Oregon, like two years ago,

Ryan Hankins  14:05
that might have been, I mean, semicon, I think, is the, is the largest semiconductor conference.

Unknown Speaker  14:10
I'm pretty sure, okay, that sounds right,

Ryan Hankins  14:15
and I'm actually, I'm on an actual one second. No problem.

Ryan Hankins  14:30
Yes, semi con West is what we went, Okay, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:35
okay, awesome, cool. Well, we'll stay in touch, and I'm excited to see the business plan you guys are coming up. That's awesome. Yeah, sweet. All right. Well, I really appreciate your time. We'll give back 25 minutes. I didn't know how long it would take. So, all good, awesome. Thank you. Nice to meet You. You as well. Bye, I i.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai