Speaker 1  00:00
Comments on that document are a little confusing, but you're the point that you're getting at in terms of making sure that those exclusions are properly worded, is in line with what you know our well. So if you your expectation was specifically that wording kind of push back a little bit on that. But the intent here, I think your intent is to me, so you know that all this will be addressed. You know, you'll have the opportunity to review it.

Speaker 2  00:46
Hey, James, I know we're we've got a hard stop at 12. Did you want to move

Speaker 3  00:51
to the next one? Yes, let's go to the next one. Sarah Baldwin, CAC, did you guys have any comments on their builders risk requirements? I know we also had an outstanding we wanted Clayco to propose builders risk limits or requirements. But is that not covered in this document, or the limits in this document?

Speaker 4  01:11
The limits are going to be by project and I mean, they're going to be two builders risk, kind of like theosome. If they're going to be two builders risk progress, one for the core in Shell and one for the fit out.

Speaker 3  01:24
Okay, so what would the limits be for each program? Would your expectation be at

Speaker 4  01:28
least the project value, plus any subsequent change orders at a minimum? That's right.

Speaker 2  01:35
I I think on the topic of builders risk as it relates to the contractual language, just because I wrote that exhibit, my intent is very similar to the OCIP that you guys get to see quotes. And in my experience, you know, we're working with the contractor on the final limits. Obviously a more owner exposure is the soft cost and BJ, but with respect to your contract, we're going to be working what a final limit is. We have preliminary numbers from Pacific fusion that are obviously coming from you guys. But again, your takeaway should be that you're privy to the numbers and we're working with you on your your contract value.

Speaker 5  02:33
Do you know what the strategy is for one policy versus two? I think our concern is that have overlapping we potentially have overlapping construction periods.

Speaker 3  02:48
We're thinking one we're thinking one policy, but similar to, I guess we just need a little bit more time to kind of determine that, but anticipating one policy for both

Speaker 5  03:02
that's what we would normally see on these types of deliveries with other clients. So okay, cool, let's keep going professional liability. Yes, what

Unknown Speaker  03:13
is your limit for professional liability?

Speaker 4  03:15
So the RFP required 10. So that's, that's our assumption.

Speaker 3  03:20
Did you take 10 like 10 million? I'm not an insurance person.

Speaker 2  03:33
Right now. Question for you, it's the $10 million requirement of you guys. Okay, are you on

Speaker 4  03:44
board with that? It's not. We wouldn't. We weren't contemplating a project specific policy with that. That's from our master program.

Speaker 2  03:53
Understood that to me, I have to sidebar with James and Mindy, but that was my that's my expectation. That's fine.

Speaker 1  04:03
And we talked about the last call, just, you know, we'll add some wording to the effect of, you know, notification of backer get erosion, because if you're going to be using your corporate program, yeah.

Speaker 3  04:18
Okay, so pollution liability was the next one on our topic. Last time we met, Clay co discussed including that in the program. I think Baldwin was curious, what would

Speaker 4  04:29
this cover? Well, it's already required in our RFP to provide 10 million in contractors, pollution, again, not project specific part of our master program. We have a cppi policy. So it's already included within our professional position, but it is already required within the RFP, obviously, that would cover, you know, some contractor or us having a spill of some sort, or, you know, a leak of diesel fuel or something like that. That's all that type of thing, or water intrusion, you know, of some sort from excavating or something like that, like quals an old or something like that. That would be

Speaker 2  05:11
out of full transparency here, because I look at this topic as we're all one team, we are going to procure a CPL wrap option for the project, just given the size, duration limit, you know, complexity, what we need to discuss is, I know that there are several schools of thought on this topic. I'm not sure there's one, quote, unquote, right way. Some people say, Okay, there's a CPL rap, and therefore you guys don't need to bring your corporate program whatsoever. I know other people have a different school of thought in terms of aggregating policies, meaning, if we had a CPL rap, that doesn't preclude you guys from scheduling this project to your corporate program as well. Do you have an opinion on that? I'm curious, because obviously it'll ultimately tie back to the contract.

Speaker 4  06:11
So typically, what we would see, if there is a if the owner is doing a CPL wrap, we would still have our, our corporate policy, which would set excess of that. So if that limit was 10 million, let's say, and that somehow, some way, got blown through, we would all cry, and our policy would send access to that.

Speaker 2  06:32
Yeah. Okay, okay, so did I hear you correctly? That is your APL, is your pollution program shared with your professional is it one policy, or are they two separate? Yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  06:45
a cppi policy with steadfast.

Speaker 2  06:49
Or is it 10 and 10 dedicated to each coverage part? Or is the 10 professional shared solution?

Unknown Speaker  06:57
It's perfect.

Speaker 2  06:58
Okay, yeah. All right. Helpful. Super helpful. Okay, James, for now I have every that's I'm fine with all that answer.

Speaker 3  07:05
Great. Thank you. I have car insurance. I understand the different numbers when you guys say 10 and 10, so let's go with auto liability. So we talked about the $20 million was too high. I know that there was discussion about not requiring the subs. What is Clayco expectation for like, what should clay cos auto limit be?

Speaker 4  07:30
Well, we have, our policy is two, 2 million combined, single limit. And obviously, and there was nowhere in the RFP where it said that excess could sit over that policy. So for us to go out and procure a $20 million auto policy would cost about a bajillion dollars, so if we could get it. And so the question was, is that to be considered as part of an excess sitting over that, or is it truly a $20 million requirement?

Speaker 2  08:08
If that, I apologize if that was your takeaway. That poor writing on my part, you are absolutely not expected to go find 20 million. I agree with you on the billion dollars there is room for conversation on the 20 limit, 20 million, by the way. I mean, we're doing projects of this size, and she sees, between their primary coverage and their corporate access are able to comply with 20 so if you are great, if you can based on your access tower. Let me know what number you'd like to ask for, but yes, you are absolutely able to get there by multiple access layers.

Speaker 4  08:51
Okay, it wasn't outlined by like that, so I just wanted to be sure. So Okay,

Unknown Speaker  08:57
number like a $2 million limit.

Speaker 1  08:59
Are you sold the to say that, you know, I think we're the 20 millions acceptable, as long as the limit can be procured through a combination of primary and excess. Correct, yeah,

Speaker 2  09:15
and I will make sure I'm taking notes here. I will make sure when in my next turn of that exhibit, the language is more clear number one and number two, I need Clayco to hear that that $20 million requirement is not expected of your steps. Okay, great.

Speaker 3  09:36
Okay, great. So aviation is this a policy Clayco will offer as part of your program.

Speaker 4  09:44
So aviation, and I'm going to first talk about helicopter picks. You know, we aren't doing those. We currently typically require $10 million of coverage for a helicopter pick, and if the requirement is 25 we'll just have to have that conversation with any and I don't even know if they're contemplated on this project. I assume so for rooftop units or whatever. So we would need to either have that requirement for our any helicopter picks. If they can't make it that requirement, they come back and ask for an exception for whatever their coverage might be.

Speaker 5  10:28
Yeah, so we do not anticipate any helicopter picks. So typically, this coverage in the exhibit just says only if it applies right. Because we're we don't anticipate any aviation coverage. Would you anticipate some drone coverage, which is the one right below it, because we will buy drugs.

Unknown Speaker  10:50
Yeah. And I think you guys, okay, no, sorry, James, go ahead.

Speaker 3  10:55
Yeah. I think Justin from you guys, think maybe one or two times a week for the drones.

Speaker 2  10:59
Yeah. Yeah. So when I wrote the requirement, I obviously didn't have the scope clarified. So on the topic of drone, if you're going to be using them, yes, we will have a requirement is that a coverage that you guys can comply with at a lesser limit? Yes, yes. Okay, so what we would look for you to tell us is what limit you'd like us to consider if you can't meet that limit, and then we'll get back to you very quickly with a business decision, yes or no, okay, okay, can I, James, add one more thing on the drone is that Mike, you and I need to decide bar because, as I'm sure every insurance person knows on the Call, there are some OCIP where we include the drone operator coverage. There are some OCIP that don't. And so what we'll need to just do it make sure we look at that together.

Speaker 3  12:12
Yes, okay, guys, we have we're pretty close to time. So before we leave, I just want to confirm what the next steps are to get an insurance exhibit out there. Is there a draft circulating? Okay, so who's gonna who's gonna send the next

Speaker 2  12:31
I can do that. I mean, unless there's someone who wants to do it, based on this conversation, I can take the initial draft, update it with what we've talked about today, and then get it to Clayco for any final review or tweaks, and then we can take it to Mindy and James for sign off the caps.

Speaker 3  12:56
Okay, that sounds good to me. Mindy, do you have any concerns with that? No. So when should we schedule our next call? When? Yeah, when do maybe, I think Tuesday, sir, when you're gonna have the draft done? You think NDA, Monday

Speaker 2  13:15
before then I can, I'll get it to you guys before Monday. Okay, so we can schedule a call, but depending on clay goes ability to, you know, read and read it and and

Unknown Speaker  13:32
we only need one business day. So Wednesday is fine.

Speaker 2  13:37
Okay, Sarah, look like on Wednesday morning. I'm pulling it up right now. Give me one second here Wednesday. Okay, I am free. Do you want me to talk in eastern time zone or Pacific?

Unknown Speaker  14:00
Let's all do pacific time for me, okay.

Speaker 3  14:10
In my head, okay, seven, okay,

Speaker 2  14:15
so hold on. I answer it in eastern Ben, I am free from nine to noon on Wednesday, the sixth nine to noon.

Speaker 3  14:25
Clayco team, give me your local time zone, and when you're free,

Speaker 4  14:30
Hunter and I are central, I am free six to 930 and then after 10,

Speaker 5  14:40
yeah, I've I'm available. I I'm available before noon central, except for 10 to 1030 I have a meeting. I can't move at 10 to 1030 so

Speaker 4  14:54
nine to nine, 930 to 1030 we're Central. I don't know. Ryan Hankins,

Speaker 5  15:02
Omega work, just don't put it. Don't put it at 10 Central.

Speaker 3  15:10
I'll put my admin hat on and find a really good time for everybody. Does anyone else

Unknown Speaker  15:17
have a no, I'm good with that as well. All right, guys,

Speaker 2  15:21
just know that we might be able to lock it up over email prior to that, which is the

Speaker 3  15:24
best case scenario for everybody. I'm sure we love that we'll cancel the meeting and everybody goes. That's whatever they want.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
All right, thanks, guys, this was great. I think. Mindy, do you have something?

Unknown Speaker  15:37
No. Mindy, do you have time after this,

Speaker 3  15:42
yeah, I'll tend to recap. Everyone have a great weekend. Goodbye. Thanks. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai