Unknown Speaker  00:03
Just understand, Billy, I think we'll all catch up with you later today,

Speaker 1  00:13
outside of the scope production exercise, we are holding off on the foundation permit package, anticipating significant changes. We will, yeah, multiple just need some time. Latest Friday, I'll be in place if you guys understand how to proceed with that permit package. Yes, please. In the meantime, all design consultants should be proceeding. So we're not going pencils down with anything. This is Justin otter. This is an external stop gap. So internally, Western ground improvements, the work that they need to do to pull together design let's continue to get them going. We understand that if there's design changes, we'll, we'll address them when that decision is made. But Rebecca, if you can't hand over those foundation backgrounds so that you get started, that'd be helpful.

Speaker 2  01:14
Yeah, I have no issue doing that. So since they're I guess they're still under our contract. No, no issues with that. I can send them the links to that. I I have something when we're done talking about these, these updates Cory mine, okay, that

Speaker 1  01:35
is the ZOE Island CO production. We can move on to other topics.

Speaker 2  01:41
Yeah, and I said it's different, but it's, it's, this is kind of piggy backing on that conversation, but I just wanted to ask the question. So I think that there's a big ve like, that big, formalized PDF that's going to come, and I know that that's going to come later, but I just some of our team is is like waiting on that complete, you know, separate from this conversation entirely, but it's causing a delay for some of the team. So I just wanted

Speaker 1  02:21
Sure, yeah. So when you say ve, you're talking about the VE exercise that was done previously,

Unknown Speaker  02:27
yeah, that's right.

Speaker 1  02:29
So there shouldn't be any delays. There shouldn't be any delays on moving forward with any of those ve exercises. If there are decisions that you guys have are waiting on us. Then again, bring it up. Let's get you

Unknown Speaker  02:47
so and I go ahead,

Ryan Hankins  02:50
no Becca, because, like, I could see, like, you're basically saying, Hey, we're proceeding with design, but we've got this first tranche of ve, and now we have a potential second tranche of VE. And so are you asking, like, how are you proceeding?

Speaker 2  03:11
Does somebody else have something so I think MEP would be like the the best example, but we have the VE log, and that is clear of the yea, nay. And then there's, there was that backup document that was showing, these are the potential pathways that we can use of the option one, A, 1d versus two, A to D, and these are the and then there was a, there's been kind of a loop of communication, but I don't think we have it formalized in any location, like which specific options are being chosen that we've seen it just it says, like, generally, yes, We're doing this, but it doesn't say specifically for Meyr. Plus, like, do option 1d, and six, a. And I think that that's been discussed, but we haven't seen it. So I just want to make sure that we get that, because that's that piece of information, even though I've given that, I've given the overall overview. Like, yes, we're going with natural gas. Yes, we're removing inflation. They're waiting for that in writing, okay, they're waiting for in writing. That's, that's what I was trying.

Speaker 1  04:24
Okay, yeah, thank you, Rebecca, generally speaking, so I've been under the impression that the designers have been working, the mechanical designers have been working, I guess, the last two weeks, based on the decisions that we made the last two weeks. So generally speaking, if you guys are waiting any information from us, pick up the phone, give us a call. Don't wait for the Holy sanity. So if the buyers plus team has been waiting for this to be formalized, that's a miss in my mind, and we need to do better next time. How can we formalize the decisions that need to be made for Meyr? Plus, because, based on the pep decision matrix that we completed, I'm under the impression they have the direction. So if something's not fair, how do we get that clarification?

Speaker 3  05:15
Yeah, Rebecca, let's, let's make sure they have that and that if they have any questions that they asked for clarification, but you know, we have the column with yes and no, and if Susie or Astrid has follow up questions or clarifications, we can Get them over to pF and Clayco right away.

Unknown Speaker  05:42
I Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:45
but let me know if we need to set up some time to talk just on this topic for 20 minutes, because there's too much to put in an email.

Speaker 2  05:52
Let's do it. I think I would prefer to bring, I think, and that's their preference too, to bring it out of a conversation and into a formalized document. But I understand what you're saying, Cory, and I need to make sure that I did bring it up last week. This is, like, my main thing that I brought up. So just this is, like, the big request that I've made. So I'm not quite sure how to say it more clearly. I think we were promised to get that formalized document by the end of last week, and we haven't yet, so I do want to just make sure that we

Unknown Speaker  06:25
get all

Speaker 2  06:26
of it and what we'll talk about it? Bill, yeah, we can talk

Unknown Speaker  06:30
about it.

Speaker 2  06:32
Let's connect. Absolutely sounds like a plan.

Ryan Hankins  06:39
What we haven't sent from from our side is we did commit last week to sending more detail behind each of the items that were accepted. I think I talked with a couple you offline that we did not send it just because of the conversation that happened at the end of last week. We can still get those sent over to you guys this week, if that's something that we're still wanting.

Speaker 3  07:05
Yeah, please, Ryan, let's memorialize that and button this up. Okay, thank you.

Unknown Speaker  07:10
Yep, this coping reduction exercise should not be causing any direction changes

Speaker 1  07:22
on design progress, so that right now, the scoping exercise is just a leadership conversation. No action is being taken and is separate and independent from the original design direction, if that helps, because I know there's a lot of scenarios where we want to hesitate, including the Western ground improvement scenario, right? So let's just proceed until this infusion provides the new design direction scoping production exercise, and I'm intentionally calling it the scoping reduction exercise, and not Value Engineering, so we

Unknown Speaker  08:03
don't think

Unknown Speaker  08:18
anything else. Rebecca I

Speaker 1  08:25
Nick, what about construction? Construction schedules?

Speaker 4  08:33
So we have, we have that weekly meeting set up, but I know, Chris, you've probably been waiting for the dust to settle before we get updated schedules. What I guess, what is the current status there of getting the updated baseline?

Ryan Hankins  08:48
What I would like to see is like,

Speaker 5  08:50
I have it generally worked out. I have all of the activities that you guys wanted to track on the F side entered. I don't have them linked specifically because of the discussions that we've had, you know, lately, but I did put, I updated this yesterday and put a placeholder in for these changes to see what it would ultimately do and and we can, we can talk about that at any time. Really, I can send that over to you, Ryan, I don't know if you had any comments on what I sent you yesterday, just,

Ryan Hankins  09:33
I mean, I have not like I've put I know that we're wanting to continue forward, but with the monumental discussions that are happening around scope reduction, we've definitely pivoted and focused in the last 24 hours. So we have basically diverted our resources to work on that I would personally prefer that before we dive back into schedule that we really kind of understand high level where we're going, direction wise, just because it seems like a wasted effort right now, until we understand generally where we're going.

Unknown Speaker  10:12
Brian, I understand. Go ahead. Nick, Kim,

Speaker 4  10:16
no, I'm just assuming you know, nothing's changed. I think you've mentioned the last time, the completion dates, miles dates, nothing have moved as of yet. But it sounds like you guys are putting together kind of a what if scenario for for this latest scope reduction exercise to see how it may push out. To my understanding that, right?

Ryan Hankins  10:38
Yeah, and a lot of that. I mean, today, as we're sitting here, we should have been out to market on Monday, so we're already two days late. So that is a day for day push, knowing that the schedule is based on assumed, assumed market availability for steel and some of the long lead items, so there is still some variability there, but moving forward, like with this scope reduction strategy, a lot of that schedule is going to be based on what Stantec is able to produce, and Stantec is probably going to say that their schedule is based on what's being accepted. That's going to decide how much or little redesign work they have to do. And so I can, I can guess all day long, and I've given you guys some preliminary guesses, but I think really the first step is figuring out what the direction we're going forward with is, so that we can put together a plan around what that direction is.

Speaker 1  11:39
So jump in and jump in. I am all for modifying things based on I'm going to make a request that based on the schedule that you guys have pulled together prior to last Friday's discussion and the scope reduction exercise, let's assume that conversation never happened. I would like to see the latest schedule that you guys have pulled together. And again, we understand it's a draft. We're not going to hold you guys to these numbers. Knowing that they're going to change this information is very beneficial to us, because it helps us communicate to our leadership and the rest of our delivery team how everything is tied together and impacted, right? So the fact that we're having a verbal discussion about buyout, we can quantify that when we see the surgery in front of us. So I'm going to make a request that wherever you guys have gotten to today, we're taking it as a time frame only scenario. We're not going to hold you guys for the dates changes are coming, but we need to see what that looks like paper.

Ryan Hankins  12:44
I am confident that our overall book, we'll call it bookcase, or what do you call them? Book book holders, the overall book ends, book ends, yeah, the book ends are good. The thing that I think is the most up in the air is when you guys can get in the building. And I still think there's a lot of work to be done there,

Speaker 1  13:07
understood, and we are, we are working on our end internally to start those conversations with the delivery team and advanced tank mid next week. So generally speaking, let's, let's get the schedule out to Pacific from January and Chris put a big old water mark disclaimer on it, subject to change based on new program changes. But we've got to start somewhere, and we need to start tying this together. Ultimately, prepping for productive conversations.

Ryan Hankins  13:44
So Chris, are you? Let's let's talk offline. But yeah, I think we can get that to you

Unknown Speaker  13:53
in short order. Thank you. Thank you. I

Speaker 1  14:04
Ryan and Chris, What? What? You know, I think right now, we're definitely in flux, so I don't want to waste people's time taking up the additional 35 minutes, knowing that questions about buyout and break ground are going to come after the fact. Do you have any high level questions, comments, concerns about existing design sets, scope that need to be addressed in this meeting? No, okay. I

Speaker 1  14:47
Okay, I have offsite mentioned I can jump topics here. So Josh, we are meeting with New Mexico gas on Friday. We'll understand what their process is. It's going to be an independent process, just like PNM. We'll have to coordinate independently so that that's going to be kicked off Nick and Clayco Just a heads up. There's another activity that does need to occur at a later date, where we get PNM, telecon and the natural gas company talking about combined easement on our property and how that's going to add up. I don't know where that scope falls between outside and offsite, and who really could set up the best part of the discussion

Ryan Hankins  15:37
understood, I think, isn't there a meeting on the calendar, Josh, I don't know if you want,

Speaker 1  15:46
you know there's, I think there's a separate conversation that's actually addressing here, the wastewater industrial permit. It sounds like there's a bit of a disconnect that, do you know why waivers? Is that common?

Speaker 6  15:59
I think, yeah, I think it's just a not understanding of what is actually occurring within the facility. And so they see us a larger facility that could have industrial waste, so they make the comment. And so really, we just need to meet with the water authority and have a conversation with them and explain what exactly we're doing inside the building, and hopefully that rectifies everything, but I think it's kind of a cya for the water authority to make sure there's no potential risk of a larger facility, because they don't know this early on what's going on.

Speaker 1  16:34
Okay, got you so instead of it being an order, they're really just looking for feedback

Speaker 6  16:39
exactly they want to have an open dialog to understand what our process is internally, what that could what could be discharged into the public system.

Unknown Speaker  16:49
Okay, that sounds great, Josh and you are please

Speaker 6  16:54
send out a meeting request to the water authority on Monday.

Speaker 1  17:13
Ben. Ben is going okay? Ben transfers,

Speaker 7  17:21
yes, I just said I just had, I just had a conversation with Sam and Kenneth right before this call. So they're getting that uploaded. Should be uploaded later today, but we've got, we got your latest model from May 11, I believe was the latest from Ian, and we're in the process of converting that.

Unknown Speaker  17:43
Did you update Cory on the site?

Speaker 7  17:48
I did not. So the architectural site is on ACC. It's just not oriented correctly. So I need to talk with Kath and Sam on how to align it. It's in there, just not aligned to the building.

Speaker 2  18:05
Yeah, so I was wrong. Cory in that email, I can respond again, but Well, or we'll work on making sure the site's aligned.

Speaker 1  18:14
Yeah, I know it's I. I use the federated almost immediately just to do whatever coordination approvals I end up doing. So I relied on that heavily appreciated.

Unknown Speaker  18:32
We'll get it on that.

Speaker 1  18:37
Speaking of BIM coordination, Brian and others. When do you anticipate kicking off? We're about to go into CDs. As things are going to be a little bit disrupted, may have to go back into DVDs, depending on some of these changes that are coming late. When do you guys typically anticipate picking up? 350 and you guys are figuring out from there. Sorry, Rebecca,

Speaker 2  19:08
I just did it. I couldn't can follow what you were saying.

Speaker 1  19:11
Oh, I believe the design team is taking our models to an Loda of 360 is that correct?

Unknown Speaker  19:23
Three? 300

Speaker 1  19:25
typically, okay, 300 and then Ryan, your team is the construction team will pick it up from there. Bret, Chris, it is producing. Chris, I

Speaker 5  19:42
didn't hear that. Brian, I'm sorry, Chris, you want to? You want to take that one? Oh, yeah, yeah. We've been talking internally with our VDC folks, and we're just waiting for the best time to onboard them. But we'll be basically the biggest portion of our coordination would be, you know, working with our subcontractors and and making sure that there's no clashes when they're doing their shop drawings and whatnot. We'll be incorporating those into the model.

Speaker 1  20:15
What platform price you plan on using? Is this something that will be, are we going to carry over the AC sin process? Or you guys, or Navis works? How will you do your your model?

Speaker 5  20:31
I'm most familiar with the process through Navis works. That's what I've always used in the past. So I'm anticipating that we're I'm still waiting for somebody to be assigned to our project. We're waiting for our VDC engineer to be assigned, so I'm hoping to have that information anytime to start getting them familiar with the project. So that has been on our minds and in brief discussions with our team.

Speaker 1  21:05
Okay, got you that that all makes sense. So if that's the case, Dominic and Rebecca, it sounds like there's an opportunity. I think Ryan and Chris, we need to have a separate discussion before, once we start breaking ground and turning this into a construction project, how we're going to what exactly we're going to do to communicate with ACC and pro core. There's going to be an RFI and a submittal process. How we want to manage that, which platform we use that's on deck. We've got some time to think about this. But I think more importantly, it sounds like domino if we're using now this works on the construction site. We can already flow that into the process that we have set up a succeed, I think so. But let me know, if

Unknown Speaker  21:57
I'm not sure I'm following what you're saying.

Speaker 1  22:02
Yeah, I think once we, once we receive the construction models, do we continue to use the ACC fin model, Flash detection process, or are we going to switch over?

Speaker 7  22:16
So, Chris, you can correct me at any point here, but the typical process is, after we issue our construction documents, then the GC will take ownership of the clash detection and model coordination for their subcontractors, So their subs will actually take our drawings and read sometimes models and reconstruct them on their own into a higher level of development that they can do the fine clashing to, but that comes after the submittal review process, so GC and all of Clayco are going to have a full schedule that we will review the submittals, send comments, review it for compliance with a design intent, and then after that, then they will go and actually model it out and do their clash detection, make sure wires aren't hitting pipes and such. But that to me, Chris is very down the road after we go through that submittal, RFI reviewing time before you actually put it together in Navis works, I don't really see it quite as a finish to start type of relationship, but

Speaker 5  23:42
more or less Yes, what you're saying will probably be starting some of the modeling on the sub side prior to all of the submittals being reviewed and approved. However, ultimately the completed model will be based on those the information that was approved in this meeting, right?

Speaker 7  24:04
A little bit of a given take process there, but Cory separate from the design model that we're reviewing, it's a completely separate process.

Speaker 1  24:21
Gotcha, okay, all right, that's something that we can Nick will just when the time comes, we can chat with Clayco about that in more detail, other topics that I have you know, if we were not considering the scope reduction effort today, we would likely be looking at starting that buying up since yesterday or the day before, Brian and Chris, can you speak a little bit to the submittal process and how that is?

Ryan Hankins  24:56
Yeah, I mean, sorry, you asked. I think you cut out at the end there, but you said, can you explain the buyout process,

Speaker 1  25:03
the submittal process, the submittal so making sure that whatever we're procuring by the design team?

Ryan Hankins  25:12
Yeah, Chris, do you want to talk through that?

Speaker 5  25:15
I mean, yeah, it's generally a pretty straightforward and typical process when it comes to the equipment and whatnot that Clayco may be purchasing direct as far as long lead, we'll, we'll go through a, you know, there's going to be an approval process and the budget side and amendment To the contract, there's going to be a scoping document that we'll do internally based on the information or on the equipment that we'll buy. We'll produce, then a submittal document before we actually, you know, secure most of that purchasing. We'll send that out for review. Once it's reviewed, will then turn around and, you know, make the commitment for that equipment. Then we'll report out on the actual, you know, date due on on onsite, very similar process on the subcontractor side. Once you know, as we as we buy out each GMP that we do, the first one will be, you know, steel and concrete and whatnot, we'll put together submittal packages based on those particular scopes, submit them for review once, you know, once they are reviewed and approved, then we'll make commitments on all of that stuff as well. We'll usually use Pro core. That's generally what we do here at Clayco.

Speaker 1  26:59
Okay, that makes Thank you, Chris, that makes sense at a high level. Do you guys happen to have any kind of illustrations or workflows that describe that and how that impacts GMP contract being signed? So the reason why I bring this up is Nick I think this is going to be a good opportunity to get ahead of this process with King, how this impacts the GMP scenarios associated with amending that GMP just so he gets familiar with what we're putting in front of him and what it means and how it could change.

Ryan Hankins  27:39
Yeah, we could definitely do that for you. I mean, from the most simplicity standpoint. And I think some clients that aren't familiar with construction don't under don't they? It's hard for them to understand unless they've done it before. But our GMP is not something that we make up out of thin air. It's something that is market driven, and we get quotations from either vendors or from subcontractors. We put them into nice little packages help everybody on the team, from the ownership side to the design team, understand what we're buying. Primarily, everything is based on the contract documents that Stantec gives us. But if there are exceptions or exclusions or clarifications, we outline those specifically for each of the trades and each of the procurement packages, we get approval as part of that from the design team, as well as from Pacific fusion, and that each GMP is a culmination of each of those packages that we've already agreed upon. So in theory, GMP s are pretty simple.

Speaker 1  28:50
Yeah, what you're saying? I know Chris and I have, sorry Nick and I have a pretty, I would say, deep understanding of how this is supposed, supposed to go big. Pick yourself when you're explaining to an audience that has never had the experience or been through the process whatsoever. So if you guys happen to have something that

Speaker 4  29:14
would be that would be useful, yeah, maybe if you have a draft or just an example of an old one, Ryan, I think that might help paint the picture a little bit better.

Ryan Hankins  29:25
Absolutely, would love to do that for you guys.

Speaker 3  29:33
While we're on the topic, and it's really a parallel item for Chris and Ryan, a submittal schedule would be great so that we can kind of plan for review times and be efficient, yeah, thinking a Tom Nick, you know, just so we don't have giant submittal packages landing one on top of another, you know, with overlapping review

Speaker 7  30:03
time, yeah, it would just also help to understand, like, if there's anything fast tracked or, you know, critical path there that, yeah, what? What we need to prioritize?

Speaker 5  30:16
Yeah, I can, I can, I can, put together submittal schedule, but I typically like to wait until we have construction documents so that we're not duplicating work three and four times,

Speaker 3  30:35
not asking for one now, Chris totally understand wanted to put it on the table as something really useful

Speaker 5  30:41
on our side? Yeah, absolutely. And one thing that I'll probably want to understand too is because typically, if we do a phase GMP, then I'm going to submit you a submittal register based on the first phase versus the second phase? Are you looking for a compilation of the entire project, or, because those dates might change based on, you know, when packages are done, when permitting is available, when you know, contracts are approved, when you know,

Speaker 3  31:18
yeah, I mean, you know, if the construction is phased, and I would expect the submittal process to be phased, and so, yeah, I mean, we wouldn't need to see something comprehensive. It's really just for our planning purposes. And I understand it's like, we're not going to jump up and down, you know, before or after by a few days. I mean, you know, it's really just having an understanding of, like, when does, what is the mechanical shop drawing package going to land on us? You know, the sort of expectation of talent,

Speaker 5  31:51
of resource allocation? Yep. And rest assured, I'm not going to submit used paint submittals. You know, when we're still working on equipment that just doesn't make sense. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:11
sounds good. You

Unknown Speaker  32:26
that's all I have for the team,

Speaker 7  32:31
just to clarify. So Cory, the direction now is to move forward with the VE items that you've approved in that chart to continue to coordinate with Clayco in anticipation of the 615 date. We're pretending like this ve or not, this scope reduction is not a real project yet in our minds, and we're still proceeding with the original project

Speaker 1  33:03
that is exactly correct, that is exactly correct. And if there's any clarification or documentation that is needed, even on even on sand side, to get you guys more comfortable, Rebecca, I'm happy to throw some time on the calendar, just to get full. And if we need to do that, let's just get

Speaker 7  33:24
that done. I think we have the YES NO PART figured out. There's just definitely coordination on, I mean, just throwing some examples, Mike Nichols screening, you know, confirming with Clayco, which product data, and confirming all that

Speaker 3  33:44
team is, we will add our understanding of the detail to the VE log and circle it back to the team for confirmation. If there's any questions or any you know, any problems with any of the detail, then we can address it on a line item basis, but I think we can get really close. Rest assured, to

Ryan Hankins  34:09
have that package. I told you, we got distracted by all the other discussions that were happening. We still owe that document to you. We'll get that to you, maybe even today. I put it to the side, since Friday, so I just need to pick it back up, dust it off, make sure it's right, and then send it over to you guys

Speaker 2  34:29
and Ryan, just so that you know we understand that. And I think, yeah, what we're talking about is in tandem with that. That's what I was talking about, is in tandem with that. Not I wasn't like pointing a finger at you, but appreciate it.

Speaker 3  34:44
I think we're all aligned on that. Nope, nothing

Speaker 1  34:55
else. All right. Well, thank you, everybody. Appreciate it, and in the coming days here, I will have much more information for you, maybe even in the Next All right. All right. Thank you. Thank you. You

Ryan Hankins  36:21
shoo. What's up? What are you guys doing

Unknown Speaker  36:54
back talking about out of he freaking

Ryan Hankins  37:00
was, like, that's for you. Just handle well, it was concrete, and we have you so. Like, why do you guys? Well, nice knowing you have fun at miner. Have fun. I get to be a part of yeah, just on the outside.

Speaker 8  37:34
Yeah, you Yeah, people will find Yeah, what is a

Ryan Hankins  37:48
billion dollars? What does a billion dollars look like?

Unknown Speaker  37:51
Yeah, my MEP package. That I'm working on. Oh yeah, I am in charge of a million dollars. That's good. I may be in charge of $2 million here.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai